timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile187.txt > Output/Tests.testfile187.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile187.txt > Output/Tests.testfile187.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile187.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile405.txt > Output/Tests.testfile405.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile405.txt > Output/Tests.testfile405.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile405.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile521.txt > Output/Tests.testfile521.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile521.txt > Output/Tests.testfile521.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile521.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile356.txt > Output/Tests.testfile356.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile356.txt > Output/Tests.testfile356.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile356.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile933.txt > Output/Tests.testfile933.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile933.txt > Output/Tests.testfile933.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile933.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile657.txt > Output/Tests.testfile657.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile657.txt > Output/Tests.testfile657.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile657.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile363.txt > Output/Tests.testfile363.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile363.txt > Output/Tests.testfile363.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile363.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile156.txt > Output/Tests.testfile156.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile156.txt > Output/Tests.testfile156.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile156.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile149.txt > Output/Tests.testfile149.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile149.txt > Output/Tests.testfile149.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile149.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile628.txt > Output/Tests.testfile628.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile628.txt > Output/Tests.testfile628.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile628.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile795.txt > Output/Tests.testfile795.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile795.txt > Output/Tests.testfile795.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile795.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile461.txt > Output/Tests.testfile461.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile461.txt > Output/Tests.testfile461.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile461.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile450.txt > Output/Tests.testfile450.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile450.txt > Output/Tests.testfile450.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile450.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile152.txt > Output/Tests.testfile152.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile152.txt > Output/Tests.testfile152.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile152.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile248.txt > Output/Tests.testfile248.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile248.txt > Output/Tests.testfile248.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile248.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile250.txt > Output/Tests.testfile250.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile250.txt > Output/Tests.testfile250.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile250.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile383.txt > Output/Tests.testfile383.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile383.txt > Output/Tests.testfile383.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile383.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile124.txt > Output/Tests.testfile124.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile124.txt > Output/Tests.testfile124.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile124.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile669.txt > Output/Tests.testfile669.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile669.txt > Output/Tests.testfile669.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile669.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile961.txt > Output/Tests.testfile961.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile961.txt > Output/Tests.testfile961.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile961.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile412.txt > Output/Tests.testfile412.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile412.txt > Output/Tests.testfile412.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile412.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile992.txt > Output/Tests.testfile992.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile992.txt > Output/Tests.testfile992.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile992.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile648.txt > Output/Tests.testfile648.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile648.txt > Output/Tests.testfile648.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile648.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile269.txt > Output/Tests.testfile269.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile269.txt > Output/Tests.testfile269.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile269.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile232.txt > Output/Tests.testfile232.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile232.txt > Output/Tests.testfile232.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile232.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile601.txt > Output/Tests.testfile601.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile601.txt > Output/Tests.testfile601.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile601.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile959.txt > Output/Tests.testfile959.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile959.txt > Output/Tests.testfile959.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile959.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile260.txt > Output/Tests.testfile260.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile260.txt > Output/Tests.testfile260.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile260.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile699.txt > Output/Tests.testfile699.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile699.txt > Output/Tests.testfile699.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile699.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile169.txt > Output/Tests.testfile169.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile169.txt > Output/Tests.testfile169.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile169.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile171.txt > Output/Tests.testfile171.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile171.txt > Output/Tests.testfile171.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile171.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile972.txt > Output/Tests.testfile972.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile972.txt > Output/Tests.testfile972.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile972.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile866.txt > Output/Tests.testfile866.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile866.txt > Output/Tests.testfile866.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile866.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile146.txt > Output/Tests.testfile146.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile146.txt > Output/Tests.testfile146.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile146.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile983.txt > Output/Tests.testfile983.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile983.txt > Output/Tests.testfile983.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile983.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile985.txt > Output/Tests.testfile985.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile985.txt > Output/Tests.testfile985.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile985.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile868.txt > Output/Tests.testfile868.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile868.txt > Output/Tests.testfile868.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile868.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile847.txt > Output/Tests.testfile847.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile847.txt > Output/Tests.testfile847.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile847.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile403.txt > Output/Tests.testfile403.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile403.txt > Output/Tests.testfile403.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile403.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile188.txt > Output/Tests.testfile188.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile188.txt > Output/Tests.testfile188.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile188.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile348.txt > Output/Tests.testfile348.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile348.txt > Output/Tests.testfile348.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile348.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile928.txt > Output/Tests.testfile928.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile928.txt > Output/Tests.testfile928.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile928.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile442.txt > Output/Tests.testfile442.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile442.txt > Output/Tests.testfile442.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile442.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile161.txt > Output/Tests.testfile161.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile161.txt > Output/Tests.testfile161.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile161.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile183.txt > Output/Tests.testfile183.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile183.txt > Output/Tests.testfile183.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile183.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile679.txt > Output/Tests.testfile679.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile679.txt > Output/Tests.testfile679.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile679.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile393.txt > Output/Tests.testfile393.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile393.txt > Output/Tests.testfile393.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile393.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile282.txt > Output/Tests.testfile282.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile282.txt > Output/Tests.testfile282.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile282.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile102.txt > Output/Tests.testfile102.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile102.txt > Output/Tests.testfile102.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile102.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile340.txt > Output/Tests.testfile340.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile340.txt > Output/Tests.testfile340.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile340.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile820.txt > Output/Tests.testfile820.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile820.txt > Output/Tests.testfile820.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile820.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile224.txt > Output/Tests.testfile224.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile224.txt > Output/Tests.testfile224.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile224.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile987.txt > Output/Tests.testfile987.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile987.txt > Output/Tests.testfile987.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile987.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile666.txt > Output/Tests.testfile666.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile666.txt > Output/Tests.testfile666.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile666.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile500.txt > Output/Tests.testfile500.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile500.txt > Output/Tests.testfile500.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile500.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile320.txt > Output/Tests.testfile320.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile320.txt > Output/Tests.testfile320.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile320.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile388.txt > Output/Tests.testfile388.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile388.txt > Output/Tests.testfile388.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile388.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile731.txt > Output/Tests.testfile731.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile731.txt > Output/Tests.testfile731.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile731.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile257.txt > Output/Tests.testfile257.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile257.txt > Output/Tests.testfile257.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile257.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile270.txt > Output/Tests.testfile270.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile270.txt > Output/Tests.testfile270.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile270.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile902.txt > Output/Tests.testfile902.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile902.txt > Output/Tests.testfile902.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile902.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile984.txt > Output/Tests.testfile984.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile984.txt > Output/Tests.testfile984.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile984.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile841.txt > Output/Tests.testfile841.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile841.txt > Output/Tests.testfile841.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile841.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile369.txt > Output/Tests.testfile369.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile369.txt > Output/Tests.testfile369.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile369.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile760.txt > Output/Tests.testfile760.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile760.txt > Output/Tests.testfile760.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile760.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile513.txt > Output/Tests.testfile513.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile513.txt > Output/Tests.testfile513.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile513.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile908.txt > Output/Tests.testfile908.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile908.txt > Output/Tests.testfile908.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile908.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile590.txt > Output/Tests.testfile590.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile590.txt > Output/Tests.testfile590.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile590.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile773.txt > Output/Tests.testfile773.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile773.txt > Output/Tests.testfile773.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile773.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile303.txt > Output/Tests.testfile303.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile303.txt > Output/Tests.testfile303.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile303.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile771.txt > Output/Tests.testfile771.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile771.txt > Output/Tests.testfile771.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile771.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile364.txt > Output/Tests.testfile364.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile364.txt > Output/Tests.testfile364.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile364.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile321.txt > Output/Tests.testfile321.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile321.txt > Output/Tests.testfile321.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile321.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile337.txt > Output/Tests.testfile337.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile337.txt > Output/Tests.testfile337.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile337.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile884.txt > Output/Tests.testfile884.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile884.txt > Output/Tests.testfile884.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile884.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile749.txt > Output/Tests.testfile749.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile749.txt > Output/Tests.testfile749.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile749.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile433.txt > Output/Tests.testfile433.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile433.txt > Output/Tests.testfile433.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile433.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile732.txt > Output/Tests.testfile732.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile732.txt > Output/Tests.testfile732.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile732.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile245.txt > Output/Tests.testfile245.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile245.txt > Output/Tests.testfile245.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile245.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile231.txt > Output/Tests.testfile231.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile231.txt > Output/Tests.testfile231.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile231.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile136.txt > Output/Tests.testfile136.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile136.txt > Output/Tests.testfile136.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile136.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile326.txt > Output/Tests.testfile326.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile326.txt > Output/Tests.testfile326.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile326.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile947.txt > Output/Tests.testfile947.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile947.txt > Output/Tests.testfile947.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile947.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile576.txt > Output/Tests.testfile576.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile576.txt > Output/Tests.testfile576.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile576.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile154.txt > Output/Tests.testfile154.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile154.txt > Output/Tests.testfile154.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile154.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile507.txt > Output/Tests.testfile507.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile507.txt > Output/Tests.testfile507.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile507.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile109.txt > Output/Tests.testfile109.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile109.txt > Output/Tests.testfile109.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile109.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile567.txt > Output/Tests.testfile567.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile567.txt > Output/Tests.testfile567.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile567.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile767.txt > Output/Tests.testfile767.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile767.txt > Output/Tests.testfile767.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile767.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile650.txt > Output/Tests.testfile650.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile650.txt > Output/Tests.testfile650.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile650.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile568.txt > Output/Tests.testfile568.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile568.txt > Output/Tests.testfile568.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile568.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile913.txt > Output/Tests.testfile913.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile913.txt > Output/Tests.testfile913.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile913.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile596.txt > Output/Tests.testfile596.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile596.txt > Output/Tests.testfile596.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile596.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile447.txt > Output/Tests.testfile447.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile447.txt > Output/Tests.testfile447.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile447.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile143.txt > Output/Tests.testfile143.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile143.txt > Output/Tests.testfile143.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile143.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile641.txt > Output/Tests.testfile641.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile641.txt > Output/Tests.testfile641.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile641.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile494.txt > Output/Tests.testfile494.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile494.txt > Output/Tests.testfile494.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile494.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile646.txt > Output/Tests.testfile646.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile646.txt > Output/Tests.testfile646.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile646.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile263.txt > Output/Tests.testfile263.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile263.txt > Output/Tests.testfile263.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile263.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile151.txt > Output/Tests.testfile151.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile151.txt > Output/Tests.testfile151.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile151.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile524.txt > Output/Tests.testfile524.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile524.txt > Output/Tests.testfile524.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile524.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile350.txt > Output/Tests.testfile350.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile350.txt > Output/Tests.testfile350.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile350.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile762.txt > Output/Tests.testfile762.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile762.txt > Output/Tests.testfile762.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile762.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile949.txt > Output/Tests.testfile949.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile949.txt > Output/Tests.testfile949.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile949.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile970.txt > Output/Tests.testfile970.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile970.txt > Output/Tests.testfile970.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile970.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile835.txt > Output/Tests.testfile835.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile835.txt > Output/Tests.testfile835.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile835.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile501.txt > Output/Tests.testfile501.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile501.txt > Output/Tests.testfile501.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile501.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile849.txt > Output/Tests.testfile849.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile849.txt > Output/Tests.testfile849.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile849.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile957.txt > Output/Tests.testfile957.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile957.txt > Output/Tests.testfile957.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile957.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile904.txt > Output/Tests.testfile904.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile904.txt > Output/Tests.testfile904.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile904.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile410.txt > Output/Tests.testfile410.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile410.txt > Output/Tests.testfile410.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile410.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile579.txt > Output/Tests.testfile579.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile579.txt > Output/Tests.testfile579.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile579.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile817.txt > Output/Tests.testfile817.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile817.txt > Output/Tests.testfile817.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile817.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile479.txt > Output/Tests.testfile479.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile479.txt > Output/Tests.testfile479.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile479.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile538.txt > Output/Tests.testfile538.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile538.txt > Output/Tests.testfile538.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile538.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile769.txt > Output/Tests.testfile769.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile769.txt > Output/Tests.testfile769.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile769.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile753.txt > Output/Tests.testfile753.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile753.txt > Output/Tests.testfile753.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile753.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile288.txt > Output/Tests.testfile288.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile288.txt > Output/Tests.testfile288.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile288.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile602.txt > Output/Tests.testfile602.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile602.txt > Output/Tests.testfile602.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile602.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile359.txt > Output/Tests.testfile359.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile359.txt > Output/Tests.testfile359.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile359.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile896.txt > Output/Tests.testfile896.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile896.txt > Output/Tests.testfile896.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile896.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile931.txt > Output/Tests.testfile931.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile931.txt > Output/Tests.testfile931.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile931.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile705.txt > Output/Tests.testfile705.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile705.txt > Output/Tests.testfile705.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile705.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile349.txt > Output/Tests.testfile349.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile349.txt > Output/Tests.testfile349.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile349.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile105.txt > Output/Tests.testfile105.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile105.txt > Output/Tests.testfile105.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile105.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile311.txt > Output/Tests.testfile311.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile311.txt > Output/Tests.testfile311.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile311.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile457.txt > Output/Tests.testfile457.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile457.txt > Output/Tests.testfile457.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile457.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile969.txt > Output/Tests.testfile969.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile969.txt > Output/Tests.testfile969.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile969.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile923.txt > Output/Tests.testfile923.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile923.txt > Output/Tests.testfile923.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile923.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile680.txt > Output/Tests.testfile680.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile680.txt > Output/Tests.testfile680.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile680.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile283.txt > Output/Tests.testfile283.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile283.txt > Output/Tests.testfile283.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile283.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile389.txt > Output/Tests.testfile389.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile389.txt > Output/Tests.testfile389.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile389.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile361.txt > Output/Tests.testfile361.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile361.txt > Output/Tests.testfile361.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile361.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile449.txt > Output/Tests.testfile449.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile449.txt > Output/Tests.testfile449.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile449.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile594.txt > Output/Tests.testfile594.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile594.txt > Output/Tests.testfile594.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile594.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile240.txt > Output/Tests.testfile240.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile240.txt > Output/Tests.testfile240.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile240.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile832.txt > Output/Tests.testfile832.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile832.txt > Output/Tests.testfile832.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile832.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile617.txt > Output/Tests.testfile617.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile617.txt > Output/Tests.testfile617.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile617.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile201.txt > Output/Tests.testfile201.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile201.txt > Output/Tests.testfile201.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile201.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile547.txt > Output/Tests.testfile547.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile547.txt > Output/Tests.testfile547.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile547.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile794.txt > Output/Tests.testfile794.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile794.txt > Output/Tests.testfile794.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile794.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile573.txt > Output/Tests.testfile573.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile573.txt > Output/Tests.testfile573.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile573.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile630.txt > Output/Tests.testfile630.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile630.txt > Output/Tests.testfile630.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile630.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile603.txt > Output/Tests.testfile603.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile603.txt > Output/Tests.testfile603.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile603.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile886.txt > Output/Tests.testfile886.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile886.txt > Output/Tests.testfile886.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile886.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile130.txt > Output/Tests.testfile130.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile130.txt > Output/Tests.testfile130.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile130.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile942.txt > Output/Tests.testfile942.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile942.txt > Output/Tests.testfile942.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile942.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile675.txt > Output/Tests.testfile675.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile675.txt > Output/Tests.testfile675.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile675.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile351.txt > Output/Tests.testfile351.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile351.txt > Output/Tests.testfile351.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile351.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile195.txt > Output/Tests.testfile195.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile195.txt > Output/Tests.testfile195.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile195.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile374.txt > Output/Tests.testfile374.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile374.txt > Output/Tests.testfile374.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile374.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile360.txt > Output/Tests.testfile360.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile360.txt > Output/Tests.testfile360.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile360.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile176.txt > Output/Tests.testfile176.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile176.txt > Output/Tests.testfile176.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile176.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile368.txt > Output/Tests.testfile368.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile368.txt > Output/Tests.testfile368.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile368.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile445.txt > Output/Tests.testfile445.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile445.txt > Output/Tests.testfile445.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile445.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile591.txt > Output/Tests.testfile591.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile591.txt > Output/Tests.testfile591.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile591.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile709.txt > Output/Tests.testfile709.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile709.txt > Output/Tests.testfile709.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile709.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile695.txt > Output/Tests.testfile695.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile695.txt > Output/Tests.testfile695.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile695.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile921.txt > Output/Tests.testfile921.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile921.txt > Output/Tests.testfile921.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile921.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile184.txt > Output/Tests.testfile184.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile184.txt > Output/Tests.testfile184.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile184.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile153.txt > Output/Tests.testfile153.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile153.txt > Output/Tests.testfile153.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile153.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile317.txt > Output/Tests.testfile317.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile317.txt > Output/Tests.testfile317.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile317.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile755.txt > Output/Tests.testfile755.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile755.txt > Output/Tests.testfile755.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile755.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile114.txt > Output/Tests.testfile114.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile114.txt > Output/Tests.testfile114.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile114.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile355.txt > Output/Tests.testfile355.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile355.txt > Output/Tests.testfile355.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile355.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile456.txt > Output/Tests.testfile456.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile456.txt > Output/Tests.testfile456.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile456.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile678.txt > Output/Tests.testfile678.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile678.txt > Output/Tests.testfile678.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile678.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile864.txt > Output/Tests.testfile864.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile864.txt > Output/Tests.testfile864.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile864.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile353.txt > Output/Tests.testfile353.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile353.txt > Output/Tests.testfile353.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile353.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile420.txt > Output/Tests.testfile420.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile420.txt > Output/Tests.testfile420.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile420.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile543.txt > Output/Tests.testfile543.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile543.txt > Output/Tests.testfile543.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile543.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile855.txt > Output/Tests.testfile855.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile855.txt > Output/Tests.testfile855.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile855.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile550.txt > Output/Tests.testfile550.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile550.txt > Output/Tests.testfile550.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile550.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile974.txt > Output/Tests.testfile974.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile974.txt > Output/Tests.testfile974.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile974.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile777.txt > Output/Tests.testfile777.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile777.txt > Output/Tests.testfile777.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile777.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile454.txt > Output/Tests.testfile454.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile454.txt > Output/Tests.testfile454.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile454.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile785.txt > Output/Tests.testfile785.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile785.txt > Output/Tests.testfile785.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile785.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile140.txt > Output/Tests.testfile140.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile140.txt > Output/Tests.testfile140.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile140.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile871.txt > Output/Tests.testfile871.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile871.txt > Output/Tests.testfile871.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile871.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile496.txt > Output/Tests.testfile496.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile496.txt > Output/Tests.testfile496.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile496.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile139.txt > Output/Tests.testfile139.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile139.txt > Output/Tests.testfile139.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile139.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile637.txt > Output/Tests.testfile637.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile637.txt > Output/Tests.testfile637.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile637.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile737.txt > Output/Tests.testfile737.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile737.txt > Output/Tests.testfile737.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile737.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile235.txt > Output/Tests.testfile235.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile235.txt > Output/Tests.testfile235.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile235.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile674.txt > Output/Tests.testfile674.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile674.txt > Output/Tests.testfile674.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile674.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile686.txt > Output/Tests.testfile686.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile686.txt > Output/Tests.testfile686.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile686.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile962.txt > Output/Tests.testfile962.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile962.txt > Output/Tests.testfile962.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile962.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile533.txt > Output/Tests.testfile533.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile533.txt > Output/Tests.testfile533.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile533.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile138.txt > Output/Tests.testfile138.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile138.txt > Output/Tests.testfile138.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile138.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile452.txt > Output/Tests.testfile452.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile452.txt > Output/Tests.testfile452.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile452.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile935.txt > Output/Tests.testfile935.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile935.txt > Output/Tests.testfile935.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile935.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile685.txt > Output/Tests.testfile685.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile685.txt > Output/Tests.testfile685.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile685.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile800.txt > Output/Tests.testfile800.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile800.txt > Output/Tests.testfile800.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile800.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile842.txt > Output/Tests.testfile842.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile842.txt > Output/Tests.testfile842.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile842.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile629.txt > Output/Tests.testfile629.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile629.txt > Output/Tests.testfile629.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile629.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile910.txt > Output/Tests.testfile910.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile910.txt > Output/Tests.testfile910.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile910.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile520.txt > Output/Tests.testfile520.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile520.txt > Output/Tests.testfile520.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile520.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile622.txt > Output/Tests.testfile622.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile622.txt > Output/Tests.testfile622.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile622.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile144.txt > Output/Tests.testfile144.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile144.txt > Output/Tests.testfile144.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile144.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile486.txt > Output/Tests.testfile486.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile486.txt > Output/Tests.testfile486.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile486.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile365.txt > Output/Tests.testfile365.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile365.txt > Output/Tests.testfile365.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile365.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile416.txt > Output/Tests.testfile416.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile416.txt > Output/Tests.testfile416.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile416.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile971.txt > Output/Tests.testfile971.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile971.txt > Output/Tests.testfile971.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile971.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile289.txt > Output/Tests.testfile289.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile289.txt > Output/Tests.testfile289.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile289.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile818.txt > Output/Tests.testfile818.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile818.txt > Output/Tests.testfile818.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile818.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile766.txt > Output/Tests.testfile766.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile766.txt > Output/Tests.testfile766.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile766.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile336.txt > Output/Tests.testfile336.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile336.txt > Output/Tests.testfile336.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile336.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile929.txt > Output/Tests.testfile929.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile929.txt > Output/Tests.testfile929.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile929.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile614.txt > Output/Tests.testfile614.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile614.txt > Output/Tests.testfile614.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile614.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile148.txt > Output/Tests.testfile148.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile148.txt > Output/Tests.testfile148.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile148.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile916.txt > Output/Tests.testfile916.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile916.txt > Output/Tests.testfile916.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile916.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile165.txt > Output/Tests.testfile165.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile165.txt > Output/Tests.testfile165.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile165.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile394.txt > Output/Tests.testfile394.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile394.txt > Output/Tests.testfile394.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile394.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile198.txt > Output/Tests.testfile198.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile198.txt > Output/Tests.testfile198.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile198.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile401.txt > Output/Tests.testfile401.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile401.txt > Output/Tests.testfile401.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile401.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile711.txt > Output/Tests.testfile711.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile711.txt > Output/Tests.testfile711.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile711.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile529.txt > Output/Tests.testfile529.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile529.txt > Output/Tests.testfile529.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile529.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile662.txt > Output/Tests.testfile662.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile662.txt > Output/Tests.testfile662.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile662.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile599.txt > Output/Tests.testfile599.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile599.txt > Output/Tests.testfile599.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile599.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile141.txt > Output/Tests.testfile141.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile141.txt > Output/Tests.testfile141.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile141.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile727.txt > Output/Tests.testfile727.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile727.txt > Output/Tests.testfile727.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile727.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile304.txt > Output/Tests.testfile304.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile304.txt > Output/Tests.testfile304.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile304.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile399.txt > Output/Tests.testfile399.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile399.txt > Output/Tests.testfile399.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile399.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile275.txt > Output/Tests.testfile275.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile275.txt > Output/Tests.testfile275.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile275.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile882.txt > Output/Tests.testfile882.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile882.txt > Output/Tests.testfile882.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile882.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile844.txt > Output/Tests.testfile844.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile844.txt > Output/Tests.testfile844.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile844.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile664.txt > Output/Tests.testfile664.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile664.txt > Output/Tests.testfile664.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile664.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile509.txt > Output/Tests.testfile509.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile509.txt > Output/Tests.testfile509.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile509.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile627.txt > Output/Tests.testfile627.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile627.txt > Output/Tests.testfile627.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile627.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile854.txt > Output/Tests.testfile854.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile854.txt > Output/Tests.testfile854.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile854.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile883.txt > Output/Tests.testfile883.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile883.txt > Output/Tests.testfile883.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile883.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile249.txt > Output/Tests.testfile249.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile249.txt > Output/Tests.testfile249.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile249.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile672.txt > Output/Tests.testfile672.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile672.txt > Output/Tests.testfile672.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile672.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile316.txt > Output/Tests.testfile316.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile316.txt > Output/Tests.testfile316.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile316.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile280.txt > Output/Tests.testfile280.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile280.txt > Output/Tests.testfile280.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile280.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile980.txt > Output/Tests.testfile980.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile980.txt > Output/Tests.testfile980.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile980.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile989.txt > Output/Tests.testfile989.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile989.txt > Output/Tests.testfile989.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile989.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile252.txt > Output/Tests.testfile252.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile252.txt > Output/Tests.testfile252.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile252.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile986.txt > Output/Tests.testfile986.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile986.txt > Output/Tests.testfile986.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile986.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile396.txt > Output/Tests.testfile396.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile396.txt > Output/Tests.testfile396.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile396.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile300.txt > Output/Tests.testfile300.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile300.txt > Output/Tests.testfile300.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile300.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile891.txt > Output/Tests.testfile891.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile891.txt > Output/Tests.testfile891.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile891.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile477.txt > Output/Tests.testfile477.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile477.txt > Output/Tests.testfile477.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile477.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile578.txt > Output/Tests.testfile578.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile578.txt > Output/Tests.testfile578.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile578.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile150.txt > Output/Tests.testfile150.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile150.txt > Output/Tests.testfile150.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile150.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile660.txt > Output/Tests.testfile660.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile660.txt > Output/Tests.testfile660.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile660.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile315.txt > Output/Tests.testfile315.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile315.txt > Output/Tests.testfile315.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile315.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile626.txt > Output/Tests.testfile626.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile626.txt > Output/Tests.testfile626.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile626.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile397.txt > Output/Tests.testfile397.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile397.txt > Output/Tests.testfile397.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile397.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile234.txt > Output/Tests.testfile234.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile234.txt > Output/Tests.testfile234.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile234.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile489.txt > Output/Tests.testfile489.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile489.txt > Output/Tests.testfile489.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile489.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile345.txt > Output/Tests.testfile345.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile345.txt > Output/Tests.testfile345.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile345.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile571.txt > Output/Tests.testfile571.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile571.txt > Output/Tests.testfile571.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile571.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile682.txt > Output/Tests.testfile682.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile682.txt > Output/Tests.testfile682.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile682.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile127.txt > Output/Tests.testfile127.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile127.txt > Output/Tests.testfile127.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile127.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile745.txt > Output/Tests.testfile745.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile745.txt > Output/Tests.testfile745.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile745.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile206.txt > Output/Tests.testfile206.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile206.txt > Output/Tests.testfile206.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile206.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile604.txt > Output/Tests.testfile604.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile604.txt > Output/Tests.testfile604.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile604.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile881.txt > Output/Tests.testfile881.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile881.txt > Output/Tests.testfile881.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile881.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile292.txt > Output/Tests.testfile292.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile292.txt > Output/Tests.testfile292.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile292.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile892.txt > Output/Tests.testfile892.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile892.txt > Output/Tests.testfile892.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile892.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile839.txt > Output/Tests.testfile839.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile839.txt > Output/Tests.testfile839.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile839.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile296.txt > Output/Tests.testfile296.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile296.txt > Output/Tests.testfile296.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile296.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile618.txt > Output/Tests.testfile618.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile618.txt > Output/Tests.testfile618.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile618.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile307.txt > Output/Tests.testfile307.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile307.txt > Output/Tests.testfile307.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile307.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile754.txt > Output/Tests.testfile754.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile754.txt > Output/Tests.testfile754.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile754.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile284.txt > Output/Tests.testfile284.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile284.txt > Output/Tests.testfile284.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile284.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile759.txt > Output/Tests.testfile759.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile759.txt > Output/Tests.testfile759.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile759.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile484.txt > Output/Tests.testfile484.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile484.txt > Output/Tests.testfile484.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile484.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile273.txt > Output/Tests.testfile273.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile273.txt > Output/Tests.testfile273.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile273.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile221.txt > Output/Tests.testfile221.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile221.txt > Output/Tests.testfile221.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile221.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile177.txt > Output/Tests.testfile177.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile177.txt > Output/Tests.testfile177.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile177.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile531.txt > Output/Tests.testfile531.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile531.txt > Output/Tests.testfile531.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile531.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile793.txt > Output/Tests.testfile793.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile793.txt > Output/Tests.testfile793.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile793.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile122.txt > Output/Tests.testfile122.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile122.txt > Output/Tests.testfile122.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile122.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile490.txt > Output/Tests.testfile490.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile490.txt > Output/Tests.testfile490.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile490.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile744.txt > Output/Tests.testfile744.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile744.txt > Output/Tests.testfile744.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile744.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile306.txt > Output/Tests.testfile306.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile306.txt > Output/Tests.testfile306.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile306.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile945.txt > Output/Tests.testfile945.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile945.txt > Output/Tests.testfile945.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile945.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile227.txt > Output/Tests.testfile227.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile227.txt > Output/Tests.testfile227.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile227.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile813.txt > Output/Tests.testfile813.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile813.txt > Output/Tests.testfile813.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile813.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile541.txt > Output/Tests.testfile541.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile541.txt > Output/Tests.testfile541.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile541.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile537.txt > Output/Tests.testfile537.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile537.txt > Output/Tests.testfile537.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile537.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile244.txt > Output/Tests.testfile244.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile244.txt > Output/Tests.testfile244.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile244.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile764.txt > Output/Tests.testfile764.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile764.txt > Output/Tests.testfile764.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile764.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile784.txt > Output/Tests.testfile784.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile784.txt > Output/Tests.testfile784.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile784.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile237.txt > Output/Tests.testfile237.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile237.txt > Output/Tests.testfile237.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile237.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile566.txt > Output/Tests.testfile566.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile566.txt > Output/Tests.testfile566.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile566.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile190.txt > Output/Tests.testfile190.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile190.txt > Output/Tests.testfile190.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile190.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile978.txt > Output/Tests.testfile978.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile978.txt > Output/Tests.testfile978.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile978.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile605.txt > Output/Tests.testfile605.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile605.txt > Output/Tests.testfile605.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile605.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfs..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile343.txt > Output/Tests.testfile343.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile343.txt > Output/Tests.testfile343.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile343.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile251.txt > Output/Tests.testfile251.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile251.txt > Output/Tests.testfile251.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile251.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile472.txt > Output/Tests.testfile472.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile472.txt > Output/Tests.testfile472.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile472.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile427.txt > Output/Tests.testfile427.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile427.txt > Output/Tests.testfile427.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile427.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile265.txt > Output/Tests.testfile265.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile265.txt > Output/Tests.testfile265.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile265.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile286.txt > Output/Tests.testfile286.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile286.txt > Output/Tests.testfile286.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile286.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile302.txt > Output/Tests.testfile302.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile302.txt > Output/Tests.testfile302.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile302.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile782.txt > Output/Tests.testfile782.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile782.txt > Output/Tests.testfile782.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile782.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile335.txt > Output/Tests.testfile335.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile335.txt > Output/Tests.testfile335.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile335.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile710.txt > Output/Tests.testfile710.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile710.txt > Output/Tests.testfile710.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile710.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile424.txt > Output/Tests.testfile424.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile424.txt > Output/Tests.testfile424.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile424.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile128.txt > Output/Tests.testfile128.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile128.txt > Output/Tests.testfile128.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile128.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile597.txt > Output/Tests.testfile597.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile597.txt > Output/Tests.testfile597.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile597.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile723.txt > Output/Tests.testfile723.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile723.txt > Output/Tests.testfile723.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile723.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile799.txt > Output/Tests.testfile799.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile799.txt > Output/Tests.testfile799.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile799.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile503.txt > Output/Tests.testfile503.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile503.txt > Output/Tests.testfile503.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile503.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile668.txt > Output/Tests.testfile668.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile668.txt > Output/Tests.testfile668.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile668.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile406.txt > Output/Tests.testfile406.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile406.txt > Output/Tests.testfile406.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile406.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile380.txt > Output/Tests.testfile380.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile380.txt > Output/Tests.testfile380.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile380.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile464.txt > Output/Tests.testfile464.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile464.txt > Output/Tests.testfile464.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile464.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile544.txt > Output/Tests.testfile544.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile544.txt > Output/Tests.testfile544.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile544.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile125.txt > Output/Tests.testfile125.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile125.txt > Output/Tests.testfile125.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile125.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile470.txt > Output/Tests.testfile470.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile470.txt > Output/Tests.testfile470.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile470.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile117.txt > Output/Tests.testfile117.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile117.txt > Output/Tests.testfile117.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile117.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile862.txt > Output/Tests.testfile862.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile862.txt > Output/Tests.testfile862.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile862.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile589.txt > Output/Tests.testfile589.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile589.txt > Output/Tests.testfile589.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile589.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile482.txt > Output/Tests.testfile482.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile482.txt > Output/Tests.testfile482.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile482.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile466.txt > Output/Tests.testfile466.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile466.txt > Output/Tests.testfile466.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile466.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile943.txt > Output/Tests.testfile943.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile943.txt > Output/Tests.testfile943.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile943.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile478.txt > Output/Tests.testfile478.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile478.txt > Output/Tests.testfile478.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile478.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile453.txt > Output/Tests.testfile453.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile453.txt > Output/Tests.testfile453.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile453.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile446.txt > Output/Tests.testfile446.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile446.txt > Output/Tests.testfile446.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile446.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile131.txt > Output/Tests.testfile131.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile131.txt > Output/Tests.testfile131.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile131.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile132.txt > Output/Tests.testfile132.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile132.txt > Output/Tests.testfile132.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile132.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile789.txt > Output/Tests.testfile789.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile789.txt > Output/Tests.testfile789.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile789.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile765.txt > Output/Tests.testfile765.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile765.txt > Output/Tests.testfile765.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile765.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile587.txt > Output/Tests.testfile587.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile587.txt > Output/Tests.testfile587.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile587.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile384.txt > Output/Tests.testfile384.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile384.txt > Output/Tests.testfile384.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile384.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile129.txt > Output/Tests.testfile129.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile129.txt > Output/Tests.testfile129.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile129.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile804.txt > Output/Tests.testfile804.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile804.txt > Output/Tests.testfile804.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile804.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile997.txt > Output/Tests.testfile997.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile997.txt > Output/Tests.testfile997.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile997.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile532.txt > Output/Tests.testfile532.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile532.txt > Output/Tests.testfile532.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile532.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile873.txt > Output/Tests.testfile873.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile873.txt > Output/Tests.testfile873.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile873.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile491.txt > Output/Tests.testfile491.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile491.txt > Output/Tests.testfile491.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile491.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile569.txt > Output/Tests.testfile569.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile569.txt > Output/Tests.testfile569.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile569.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile821.txt > Output/Tests.testfile821.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile821.txt > Output/Tests.testfile821.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile821.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile973.txt > Output/Tests.testfile973.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile973.txt > Output/Tests.testfile973.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile973.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile721.txt > Output/Tests.testfile721.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile721.txt > Output/Tests.testfile721.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile721.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile964.txt > Output/Tests.testfile964.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile964.txt > Output/Tests.testfile964.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile964.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile402.txt > Output/Tests.testfile402.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile402.txt > Output/Tests.testfile402.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile402.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile385.txt > Output/Tests.testfile385.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile385.txt > Output/Tests.testfile385.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile385.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile654.txt > Output/Tests.testfile654.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile654.txt > Output/Tests.testfile654.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile654.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile515.txt > Output/Tests.testfile515.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile515.txt > Output/Tests.testfile515.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile515.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile242.txt > Output/Tests.testfile242.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile242.txt > Output/Tests.testfile242.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile242.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile938.txt > Output/Tests.testfile938.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile938.txt > Output/Tests.testfile938.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile938.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile642.txt > Output/Tests.testfile642.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile642.txt > Output/Tests.testfile642.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile642.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile166.txt > Output/Tests.testfile166.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile166.txt > Output/Tests.testfile166.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile166.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile914.txt > Output/Tests.testfile914.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile914.txt > Output/Tests.testfile914.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile914.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile926.txt > Output/Tests.testfile926.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile926.txt > Output/Tests.testfile926.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile926.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile853.txt > Output/Tests.testfile853.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile853.txt > Output/Tests.testfile853.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile853.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile462.txt > Output/Tests.testfile462.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile462.txt > Output/Tests.testfile462.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile462.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile810.txt > Output/Tests.testfile810.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile810.txt > Output/Tests.testfile810.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile810.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile939.txt > Output/Tests.testfile939.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile939.txt > Output/Tests.testfile939.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile939.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile770.txt > Output/Tests.testfile770.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile770.txt > Output/Tests.testfile770.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile770.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile746.txt > Output/Tests.testfile746.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile746.txt > Output/Tests.testfile746.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile746.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile600.txt > Output/Tests.testfile600.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile600.txt > Output/Tests.testfile600.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile600.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile658.txt > Output/Tests.testfile658.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile658.txt > Output/Tests.testfile658.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile658.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile370.txt > Output/Tests.testfile370.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile370.txt > Output/Tests.testfile370.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile370.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile611.txt > Output/Tests.testfile611.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile611.txt > Output/Tests.testfile611.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile611.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile713.txt > Output/Tests.testfile713.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile713.txt > Output/Tests.testfile713.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile713.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile226.txt > Output/Tests.testfile226.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile226.txt > Output/Tests.testfile226.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile226.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile879.txt > Output/Tests.testfile879.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile879.txt > Output/Tests.testfile879.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile879.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile208.txt > Output/Tests.testfile208.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile208.txt > Output/Tests.testfile208.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile208.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile310.txt > Output/Tests.testfile310.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile310.txt > Output/Tests.testfile310.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile310.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile963.txt > Output/Tests.testfile963.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile963.txt > Output/Tests.testfile963.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile963.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile518.txt > Output/Tests.testfile518.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile518.txt > Output/Tests.testfile518.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile518.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile966.txt > Output/Tests.testfile966.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile966.txt > Output/Tests.testfile966.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile966.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile540.txt > Output/Tests.testfile540.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile540.txt > Output/Tests.testfile540.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile540.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile182.txt > Output/Tests.testfile182.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile182.txt > Output/Tests.testfile182.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile182.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile517.txt > Output/Tests.testfile517.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile517.txt > Output/Tests.testfile517.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile517.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile104.txt > Output/Tests.testfile104.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile104.txt > Output/Tests.testfile104.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile104.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile103.txt > Output/Tests.testfile103.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile103.txt > Output/Tests.testfile103.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile103.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile536.txt > Output/Tests.testfile536.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile536.txt > Output/Tests.testfile536.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile536.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile223.txt > Output/Tests.testfile223.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile223.txt > Output/Tests.testfile223.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile223.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile805.txt > Output/Tests.testfile805.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile805.txt > Output/Tests.testfile805.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile805.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile212.txt > Output/Tests.testfile212.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile212.txt > Output/Tests.testfile212.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile212.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile163.txt > Output/Tests.testfile163.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile163.txt > Output/Tests.testfile163.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile163.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile468.txt > Output/Tests.testfile468.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile468.txt > Output/Tests.testfile468.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile468.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile640.txt > Output/Tests.testfile640.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile640.txt > Output/Tests.testfile640.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile640.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile328.txt > Output/Tests.testfile328.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile328.txt > Output/Tests.testfile328.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile328.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile505.txt > Output/Tests.testfile505.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile505.txt > Output/Tests.testfile505.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile505.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile872.txt > Output/Tests.testfile872.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile872.txt > Output/Tests.testfile872.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile872.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile498.txt > Output/Tests.testfile498.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile498.txt > Output/Tests.testfile498.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile498.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile387.txt > Output/Tests.testfile387.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile387.txt > Output/Tests.testfile387.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile387.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile651.txt > Output/Tests.testfile651.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile651.txt > Output/Tests.testfile651.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile651.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile718.txt > Output/Tests.testfile718.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile718.txt > Output/Tests.testfile718.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile718.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile264.txt > Output/Tests.testfile264.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile264.txt > Output/Tests.testfile264.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile264.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile276.txt > Output/Tests.testfile276.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile276.txt > Output/Tests.testfile276.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile276.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile298.txt > Output/Tests.testfile298.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile298.txt > Output/Tests.testfile298.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile298.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile381.txt > Output/Tests.testfile381.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile381.txt > Output/Tests.testfile381.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile381.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile266.txt > Output/Tests.testfile266.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile266.txt > Output/Tests.testfile266.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile266.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile508.txt > Output/Tests.testfile508.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile508.txt > Output/Tests.testfile508.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile508.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile876.txt > Output/Tests.testfile876.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile876.txt > Output/Tests.testfile876.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile876.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile635.txt > Output/Tests.testfile635.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile635.txt > Output/Tests.testfile635.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile635.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile750.txt > Output/Tests.testfile750.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile750.txt > Output/Tests.testfile750.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile750.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile613.txt > Output/Tests.testfile613.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile613.txt > Output/Tests.testfile613.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile613.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile901.txt > Output/Tests.testfile901.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile901.txt > Output/Tests.testfile901.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile901.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile702.txt > Output/Tests.testfile702.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile702.txt > Output/Tests.testfile702.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile702.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile593.txt > Output/Tests.testfile593.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile593.txt > Output/Tests.testfile593.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile593.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile220.txt > Output/Tests.testfile220.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile220.txt > Output/Tests.testfile220.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile220.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile434.txt > Output/Tests.testfile434.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile434.txt > Output/Tests.testfile434.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile434.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile560.txt > Output/Tests.testfile560.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile560.txt > Output/Tests.testfile560.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile560.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile408.txt > Output/Tests.testfile408.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile408.txt > Output/Tests.testfile408.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile408.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile583.txt > Output/Tests.testfile583.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile583.txt > Output/Tests.testfile583.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile583.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile159.txt > Output/Tests.testfile159.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile159.txt > Output/Tests.testfile159.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile159.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile272.txt > Output/Tests.testfile272.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile272.txt > Output/Tests.testfile272.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile272.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile758.txt > Output/Tests.testfile758.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile758.txt > Output/Tests.testfile758.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile758.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile475.txt > Output/Tests.testfile475.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile475.txt > Output/Tests.testfile475.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile475.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile955.txt > Output/Tests.testfile955.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile955.txt > Output/Tests.testfile955.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile955.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile514.txt > Output/Tests.testfile514.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile514.txt > Output/Tests.testfile514.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile514.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile400.txt > Output/Tests.testfile400.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile400.txt > Output/Tests.testfile400.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile400.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile584.txt > Output/Tests.testfile584.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile584.txt > Output/Tests.testfile584.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile584.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile113.txt > Output/Tests.testfile113.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile113.txt > Output/Tests.testfile113.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile113.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile888.txt > Output/Tests.testfile888.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile888.txt > Output/Tests.testfile888.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile888.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile207.txt > Output/Tests.testfile207.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile207.txt > Output/Tests.testfile207.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile207.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile199.txt > Output/Tests.testfile199.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile199.txt > Output/Tests.testfile199.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile199.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile193.txt > Output/Tests.testfile193.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile193.txt > Output/Tests.testfile193.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile193.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile756.txt > Output/Tests.testfile756.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile756.txt > Output/Tests.testfile756.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile756.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile995.txt > Output/Tests.testfile995.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile995.txt > Output/Tests.testfile995.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile995.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile217.txt > Output/Tests.testfile217.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile217.txt > Output/Tests.testfile217.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile217.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile497.txt > Output/Tests.testfile497.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile497.txt > Output/Tests.testfile497.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile497.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile833.txt > Output/Tests.testfile833.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile833.txt > Output/Tests.testfile833.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile833.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile975.txt > Output/Tests.testfile975.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile975.txt > Output/Tests.testfile975.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile975.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile952.txt > Output/Tests.testfile952.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile952.txt > Output/Tests.testfile952.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile952.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile172.txt > Output/Tests.testfile172.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile172.txt > Output/Tests.testfile172.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile172.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile347.txt > Output/Tests.testfile347.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile347.txt > Output/Tests.testfile347.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile347.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile719.txt > Output/Tests.testfile719.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile719.txt > Output/Tests.testfile719.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile719.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile425.txt > Output/Tests.testfile425.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile425.txt > Output/Tests.testfile425.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile425.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile439.txt > Output/Tests.testfile439.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile439.txt > Output/Tests.testfile439.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile439.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile572.txt > Output/Tests.testfile572.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile572.txt > Output/Tests.testfile572.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile572.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile414.txt > Output/Tests.testfile414.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile414.txt > Output/Tests.testfile414.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile414.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile418.txt > Output/Tests.testfile418.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile418.txt > Output/Tests.testfile418.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile418.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile431.txt > Output/Tests.testfile431.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile431.txt > Output/Tests.testfile431.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile431.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile274.txt > Output/Tests.testfile274.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile274.txt > Output/Tests.testfile274.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile274.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile493.txt > Output/Tests.testfile493.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile493.txt > Output/Tests.testfile493.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile493.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile185.txt > Output/Tests.testfile185.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile185.txt > Output/Tests.testfile185.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile185.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile827.txt > Output/Tests.testfile827.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile827.txt > Output/Tests.testfile827.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile827.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile846.txt > Output/Tests.testfile846.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile846.txt > Output/Tests.testfile846.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile846.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile526.txt > Output/Tests.testfile526.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile526.txt > Output/Tests.testfile526.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile526.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile878.txt > Output/Tests.testfile878.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile878.txt > Output/Tests.testfile878.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile878.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile671.txt > Output/Tests.testfile671.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile671.txt > Output/Tests.testfile671.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile671.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile819.txt > Output/Tests.testfile819.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile819.txt > Output/Tests.testfile819.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile819.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile261.txt > Output/Tests.testfile261.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile261.txt > Output/Tests.testfile261.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile261.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile107.txt > Output/Tests.testfile107.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile107.txt > Output/Tests.testfile107.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile107.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile338.txt > Output/Tests.testfile338.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile338.txt > Output/Tests.testfile338.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile338.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile574.txt > Output/Tests.testfile574.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile574.txt > Output/Tests.testfile574.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile574.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile395.txt > Output/Tests.testfile395.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile395.txt > Output/Tests.testfile395.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile395.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile404.txt > Output/Tests.testfile404.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile404.txt > Output/Tests.testfile404.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile404.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile968.txt > Output/Tests.testfile968.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile968.txt > Output/Tests.testfile968.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile968.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile324.txt > Output/Tests.testfile324.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile324.txt > Output/Tests.testfile324.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile324.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile684.txt > Output/Tests.testfile684.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile684.txt > Output/Tests.testfile684.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile684.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile293.txt > Output/Tests.testfile293.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile293.txt > Output/Tests.testfile293.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile293.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile656.txt > Output/Tests.testfile656.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile656.txt > Output/Tests.testfile656.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile656.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile194.txt > Output/Tests.testfile194.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile194.txt > Output/Tests.testfile194.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile194.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile330.txt > Output/Tests.testfile330.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile330.txt > Output/Tests.testfile330.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile330.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile688.txt > Output/Tests.testfile688.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile688.txt > Output/Tests.testfile688.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile688.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile706.txt > Output/Tests.testfile706.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile706.txt > Output/Tests.testfile706.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile706.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile277.txt > Output/Tests.testfile277.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile277.txt > Output/Tests.testfile277.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile277.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile870.txt > Output/Tests.testfile870.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile870.txt > Output/Tests.testfile870.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile870.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile110.txt > Output/Tests.testfile110.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile110.txt > Output/Tests.testfile110.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile110.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile806.txt > Output/Tests.testfile806.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile806.txt > Output/Tests.testfile806.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile806.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile539.txt > Output/Tests.testfile539.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile539.txt > Output/Tests.testfile539.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile539.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcf..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile362.txt > Output/Tests.testfile362.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile362.txt > Output/Tests.testfile362.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile362.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile155.txt > Output/Tests.testfile155.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile155.txt > Output/Tests.testfile155.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile155.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile545.txt > Output/Tests.testfile545.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile545.txt > Output/Tests.testfile545.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile545.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile722.txt > Output/Tests.testfile722.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile722.txt > Output/Tests.testfile722.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile722.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile268.txt > Output/Tests.testfile268.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile268.txt > Output/Tests.testfile268.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile268.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile670.txt > Output/Tests.testfile670.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile670.txt > Output/Tests.testfile670.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile670.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile157.txt > Output/Tests.testfile157.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile157.txt > Output/Tests.testfile157.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile157.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile367.txt > Output/Tests.testfile367.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile367.txt > Output/Tests.testfile367.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile367.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile615.txt > Output/Tests.testfile615.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile615.txt > Output/Tests.testfile615.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile615.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile437.txt > Output/Tests.testfile437.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile437.txt > Output/Tests.testfile437.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile437.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile557.txt > Output/Tests.testfile557.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile557.txt > Output/Tests.testfile557.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile557.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile123.txt > Output/Tests.testfile123.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile123.txt > Output/Tests.testfile123.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile123.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile215.txt > Output/Tests.testfile215.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile215.txt > Output/Tests.testfile215.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile215.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile979.txt > Output/Tests.testfile979.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile979.txt > Output/Tests.testfile979.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile979.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile239.txt > Output/Tests.testfile239.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile239.txt > Output/Tests.testfile239.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile239.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile761.txt > Output/Tests.testfile761.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile761.txt > Output/Tests.testfile761.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile761.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile421.txt > Output/Tests.testfile421.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile421.txt > Output/Tests.testfile421.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile421.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile824.txt > Output/Tests.testfile824.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile824.txt > Output/Tests.testfile824.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile824.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile173.txt > Output/Tests.testfile173.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile173.txt > Output/Tests.testfile173.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile173.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile701.txt > Output/Tests.testfile701.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile701.txt > Output/Tests.testfile701.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile701.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile313.txt > Output/Tests.testfile313.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile313.txt > Output/Tests.testfile313.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile313.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile880.txt > Output/Tests.testfile880.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile880.txt > Output/Tests.testfile880.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile880.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile192.txt > Output/Tests.testfile192.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile192.txt > Output/Tests.testfile192.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile192.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile170.txt > Output/Tests.testfile170.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile170.txt > Output/Tests.testfile170.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile170.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile391.txt > Output/Tests.testfile391.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile391.txt > Output/Tests.testfile391.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile391.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile728.txt > Output/Tests.testfile728.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile728.txt > Output/Tests.testfile728.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile728.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile825.txt > Output/Tests.testfile825.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile825.txt > Output/Tests.testfile825.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile825.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile428.txt > Output/Tests.testfile428.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile428.txt > Output/Tests.testfile428.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile428.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile554.txt > Output/Tests.testfile554.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile554.txt > Output/Tests.testfile554.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile554.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile588.txt > Output/Tests.testfile588.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile588.txt > Output/Tests.testfile588.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile588.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile358.txt > Output/Tests.testfile358.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile358.txt > Output/Tests.testfile358.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile358.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile299.txt > Output/Tests.testfile299.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile299.txt > Output/Tests.testfile299.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile299.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile797.txt > Output/Tests.testfile797.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile797.txt > Output/Tests.testfile797.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile797.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile379.txt > Output/Tests.testfile379.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile379.txt > Output/Tests.testfile379.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile379.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile907.txt > Output/Tests.testfile907.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile907.txt > Output/Tests.testfile907.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile907.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile747.txt > Output/Tests.testfile747.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile747.txt > Output/Tests.testfile747.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile747.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile211.txt > Output/Tests.testfile211.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile211.txt > Output/Tests.testfile211.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile211.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile716.txt > Output/Tests.testfile716.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile716.txt > Output/Tests.testfile716.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile716.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile435.txt > Output/Tests.testfile435.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile435.txt > Output/Tests.testfile435.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile435.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile480.txt > Output/Tests.testfile480.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile480.txt > Output/Tests.testfile480.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile480.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile209.txt > Output/Tests.testfile209.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile209.txt > Output/Tests.testfile209.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile209.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile332.txt > Output/Tests.testfile332.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile332.txt > Output/Tests.testfile332.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile332.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile917.txt > Output/Tests.testfile917.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile917.txt > Output/Tests.testfile917.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile917.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile636.txt > Output/Tests.testfile636.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile636.txt > Output/Tests.testfile636.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile636.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile256.txt > Output/Tests.testfile256.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile256.txt > Output/Tests.testfile256.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile256.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile281.txt > Output/Tests.testfile281.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile281.txt > Output/Tests.testfile281.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile281.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile451.txt > Output/Tests.testfile451.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile451.txt > Output/Tests.testfile451.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile451.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile919.txt > Output/Tests.testfile919.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile919.txt > Output/Tests.testfile919.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile919.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile922.txt > Output/Tests.testfile922.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile922.txt > Output/Tests.testfile922.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile922.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile659.txt > Output/Tests.testfile659.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile659.txt > Output/Tests.testfile659.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile659.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile465.txt > Output/Tests.testfile465.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile465.txt > Output/Tests.testfile465.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile465.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile977.txt > Output/Tests.testfile977.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile977.txt > Output/Tests.testfile977.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile977.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile838.txt > Output/Tests.testfile838.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile838.txt > Output/Tests.testfile838.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile838.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile204.txt > Output/Tests.testfile204.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile204.txt > Output/Tests.testfile204.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile204.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile511.txt > Output/Tests.testfile511.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile511.txt > Output/Tests.testfile511.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile511.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile703.txt > Output/Tests.testfile703.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile703.txt > Output/Tests.testfile703.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile703.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile667.txt > Output/Tests.testfile667.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile667.txt > Output/Tests.testfile667.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile667.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile581.txt > Output/Tests.testfile581.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile581.txt > Output/Tests.testfile581.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile581.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile775.txt > Output/Tests.testfile775.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile775.txt > Output/Tests.testfile775.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile775.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile216.txt > Output/Tests.testfile216.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile216.txt > Output/Tests.testfile216.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile216.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile815.txt > Output/Tests.testfile815.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile815.txt > Output/Tests.testfile815.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile815.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile323.txt > Output/Tests.testfile323.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile323.txt > Output/Tests.testfile323.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile323.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile553.txt > Output/Tests.testfile553.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile553.txt > Output/Tests.testfile553.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile553.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile178.txt > Output/Tests.testfile178.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile178.txt > Output/Tests.testfile178.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile178.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile993.txt > Output/Tests.testfile993.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile993.txt > Output/Tests.testfile993.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile993.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile471.txt > Output/Tests.testfile471.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile471.txt > Output/Tests.testfile471.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile471.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile889.txt > Output/Tests.testfile889.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile889.txt > Output/Tests.testfile889.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile889.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile458.txt > Output/Tests.testfile458.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile458.txt > Output/Tests.testfile458.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile458.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile549.txt > Output/Tests.testfile549.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile549.txt > Output/Tests.testfile549.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile549.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile863.txt > Output/Tests.testfile863.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile863.txt > Output/Tests.testfile863.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile863.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile950.txt > Output/Tests.testfile950.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile950.txt > Output/Tests.testfile950.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile950.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile894.txt > Output/Tests.testfile894.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile894.txt > Output/Tests.testfile894.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile894.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile262.txt > Output/Tests.testfile262.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile262.txt > Output/Tests.testfile262.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile262.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile738.txt > Output/Tests.testfile738.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile738.txt > Output/Tests.testfile738.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile738.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile780.txt > Output/Tests.testfile780.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile780.txt > Output/Tests.testfile780.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile780.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile562.txt > Output/Tests.testfile562.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile562.txt > Output/Tests.testfile562.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile562.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile585.txt > Output/Tests.testfile585.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile585.txt > Output/Tests.testfile585.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile585.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile473.txt > Output/Tests.testfile473.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile473.txt > Output/Tests.testfile473.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile473.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile502.txt > Output/Tests.testfile502.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile502.txt > Output/Tests.testfile502.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile502.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile953.txt > Output/Tests.testfile953.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile953.txt > Output/Tests.testfile953.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile953.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile958.txt > Output/Tests.testfile958.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile958.txt > Output/Tests.testfile958.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile958.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile542.txt > Output/Tests.testfile542.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile542.txt > Output/Tests.testfile542.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile542.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile535.txt > Output/Tests.testfile535.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile535.txt > Output/Tests.testfile535.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile535.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile743.txt > Output/Tests.testfile743.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile743.txt > Output/Tests.testfile743.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile743.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile625.txt > Output/Tests.testfile625.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile625.txt > Output/Tests.testfile625.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile625.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile430.txt > Output/Tests.testfile430.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile430.txt > Output/Tests.testfile430.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile430.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile790.txt > Output/Tests.testfile790.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile790.txt > Output/Tests.testfile790.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile790.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile411.txt > Output/Tests.testfile411.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile411.txt > Output/Tests.testfile411.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile411.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile407.txt > Output/Tests.testfile407.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile407.txt > Output/Tests.testfile407.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile407.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile119.txt > Output/Tests.testfile119.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile119.txt > Output/Tests.testfile119.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile119.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile877.txt > Output/Tests.testfile877.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile877.txt > Output/Tests.testfile877.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile877.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile342.txt > Output/Tests.testfile342.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile342.txt > Output/Tests.testfile342.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile342.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile563.txt > Output/Tests.testfile563.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile563.txt > Output/Tests.testfile563.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile563.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile495.txt > Output/Tests.testfile495.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile495.txt > Output/Tests.testfile495.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile495.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile809.txt > Output/Tests.testfile809.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile809.txt > Output/Tests.testfile809.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile809.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile779.txt > Output/Tests.testfile779.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile779.txt > Output/Tests.testfile779.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile779.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile344.txt > Output/Tests.testfile344.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile344.txt > Output/Tests.testfile344.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile344.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile415.txt > Output/Tests.testfile415.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile415.txt > Output/Tests.testfile415.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile415.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile691.txt > Output/Tests.testfile691.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile691.txt > Output/Tests.testfile691.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile691.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile724.txt > Output/Tests.testfile724.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile724.txt > Output/Tests.testfile724.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile724.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile905.txt > Output/Tests.testfile905.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile905.txt > Output/Tests.testfile905.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile905.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile189.txt > Output/Tests.testfile189.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile189.txt > Output/Tests.testfile189.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile189.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile826.txt > Output/Tests.testfile826.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile826.txt > Output/Tests.testfile826.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile826.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile736.txt > Output/Tests.testfile736.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile736.txt > Output/Tests.testfile736.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile736.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile467.txt > Output/Tests.testfile467.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile467.txt > Output/Tests.testfile467.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile467.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile694.txt > Output/Tests.testfile694.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile694.txt > Output/Tests.testfile694.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile694.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile692.txt > Output/Tests.testfile692.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile692.txt > Output/Tests.testfile692.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile692.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile228.txt > Output/Tests.testfile228.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile228.txt > Output/Tests.testfile228.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile228.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile352.txt > Output/Tests.testfile352.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile352.txt > Output/Tests.testfile352.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile352.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile510.txt > Output/Tests.testfile510.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile510.txt > Output/Tests.testfile510.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile510.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile783.txt > Output/Tests.testfile783.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile783.txt > Output/Tests.testfile783.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile783.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile918.txt > Output/Tests.testfile918.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile918.txt > Output/Tests.testfile918.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile918.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile309.txt > Output/Tests.testfile309.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile309.txt > Output/Tests.testfile309.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile309.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile924.txt > Output/Tests.testfile924.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile924.txt > Output/Tests.testfile924.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile924.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile690.txt > Output/Tests.testfile690.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile690.txt > Output/Tests.testfile690.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile690.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile295.txt > Output/Tests.testfile295.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile295.txt > Output/Tests.testfile295.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile295.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile516.txt > Output/Tests.testfile516.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile516.txt > Output/Tests.testfile516.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile516.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile801.txt > Output/Tests.testfile801.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile801.txt > Output/Tests.testfile801.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile801.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile742.txt > Output/Tests.testfile742.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile742.txt > Output/Tests.testfile742.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile742.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile530.txt > Output/Tests.testfile530.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile530.txt > Output/Tests.testfile530.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile530.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile940.txt > Output/Tests.testfile940.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile940.txt > Output/Tests.testfile940.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile940.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile290.txt > Output/Tests.testfile290.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile290.txt > Output/Tests.testfile290.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile290.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile778.txt > Output/Tests.testfile778.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile778.txt > Output/Tests.testfile778.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile778.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile440.txt > Output/Tests.testfile440.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile440.txt > Output/Tests.testfile440.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile440.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile829.txt > Output/Tests.testfile829.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile829.txt > Output/Tests.testfile829.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile829.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile582.txt > Output/Tests.testfile582.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile582.txt > Output/Tests.testfile582.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile582.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile101.txt > Output/Tests.testfile101.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile101.txt > Output/Tests.testfile101.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile101.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile556.txt > Output/Tests.testfile556.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile556.txt > Output/Tests.testfile556.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile556.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile633.txt > Output/Tests.testfile633.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile633.txt > Output/Tests.testfile633.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile633.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile857.txt > Output/Tests.testfile857.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile857.txt > Output/Tests.testfile857.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile857.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile735.txt > Output/Tests.testfile735.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile735.txt > Output/Tests.testfile735.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile735.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile390.txt > Output/Tests.testfile390.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile390.txt > Output/Tests.testfile390.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile390.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile717.txt > Output/Tests.testfile717.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile717.txt > Output/Tests.testfile717.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile717.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile294.txt > Output/Tests.testfile294.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile294.txt > Output/Tests.testfile294.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile294.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile488.txt > Output/Tests.testfile488.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile488.txt > Output/Tests.testfile488.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile488.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile951.txt > Output/Tests.testfile951.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile951.txt > Output/Tests.testfile951.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile951.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile798.txt > Output/Tests.testfile798.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile798.txt > Output/Tests.testfile798.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile798.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile714.txt > Output/Tests.testfile714.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile714.txt > Output/Tests.testfile714.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile714.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile796.txt > Output/Tests.testfile796.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile796.txt > Output/Tests.testfile796.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile796.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile890.txt > Output/Tests.testfile890.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile890.txt > Output/Tests.testfile890.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile890.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile196.txt > Output/Tests.testfile196.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile196.txt > Output/Tests.testfile196.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile196.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile551.txt > Output/Tests.testfile551.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile551.txt > Output/Tests.testfile551.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile551.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile639.txt > Output/Tests.testfile639.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile639.txt > Output/Tests.testfile639.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile639.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile559.txt > Output/Tests.testfile559.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile559.txt > Output/Tests.testfile559.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile559.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile610.txt > Output/Tests.testfile610.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile610.txt > Output/Tests.testfile610.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile610.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile598.txt > Output/Tests.testfile598.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile598.txt > Output/Tests.testfile598.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile598.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile729.txt > Output/Tests.testfile729.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile729.txt > Output/Tests.testfile729.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile729.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile850.txt > Output/Tests.testfile850.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile850.txt > Output/Tests.testfile850.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile850.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile372.txt > Output/Tests.testfile372.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile372.txt > Output/Tests.testfile372.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile372.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile378.txt > Output/Tests.testfile378.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile378.txt > Output/Tests.testfile378.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile378.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile781.txt > Output/Tests.testfile781.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile781.txt > Output/Tests.testfile781.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile781.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile645.txt > Output/Tests.testfile645.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile645.txt > Output/Tests.testfile645.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile645.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile867.txt > Output/Tests.testfile867.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile867.txt > Output/Tests.testfile867.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile867.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile565.txt > Output/Tests.testfile565.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile565.txt > Output/Tests.testfile565.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile565.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile258.txt > Output/Tests.testfile258.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile258.txt > Output/Tests.testfile258.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile258.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile700.txt > Output/Tests.testfile700.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile700.txt > Output/Tests.testfile700.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile700.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile145.txt > Output/Tests.testfile145.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile145.txt > Output/Tests.testfile145.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile145.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile859.txt > Output/Tests.testfile859.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile859.txt > Output/Tests.testfile859.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile859.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile382.txt > Output/Tests.testfile382.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile382.txt > Output/Tests.testfile382.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile382.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile925.txt > Output/Tests.testfile925.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile925.txt > Output/Tests.testfile925.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile925.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile802.txt > Output/Tests.testfile802.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile802.txt > Output/Tests.testfile802.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile802.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile608.txt > Output/Tests.testfile608.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile608.txt > Output/Tests.testfile608.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile608.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile210.txt > Output/Tests.testfile210.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile210.txt > Output/Tests.testfile210.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile210.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile644.txt > Output/Tests.testfile644.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile644.txt > Output/Tests.testfile644.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile644.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile214.txt > Output/Tests.testfile214.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile214.txt > Output/Tests.testfile214.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile214.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile254.txt > Output/Tests.testfile254.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile254.txt > Output/Tests.testfile254.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile254.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile564.txt > Output/Tests.testfile564.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile564.txt > Output/Tests.testfile564.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile564.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile683.txt > Output/Tests.testfile683.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile683.txt > Output/Tests.testfile683.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile683.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile607.txt > Output/Tests.testfile607.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile607.txt > Output/Tests.testfile607.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile607.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile308.txt > Output/Tests.testfile308.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile308.txt > Output/Tests.testfile308.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile308.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile960.txt > Output/Tests.testfile960.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile960.txt > Output/Tests.testfile960.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile960.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile137.txt > Output/Tests.testfile137.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile137.txt > Output/Tests.testfile137.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile137.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile213.txt > Output/Tests.testfile213.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile213.txt > Output/Tests.testfile213.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile213.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile616.txt > Output/Tests.testfile616.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile616.txt > Output/Tests.testfile616.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile616.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile285.txt > Output/Tests.testfile285.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile285.txt > Output/Tests.testfile285.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile285.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile115.txt > Output/Tests.testfile115.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile115.txt > Output/Tests.testfile115.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile115.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile203.txt > Output/Tests.testfile203.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile203.txt > Output/Tests.testfile203.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile203.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile528.txt > Output/Tests.testfile528.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile528.txt > Output/Tests.testfile528.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile528.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile175.txt > Output/Tests.testfile175.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile175.txt > Output/Tests.testfile175.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile175.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile575.txt > Output/Tests.testfile575.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile575.txt > Output/Tests.testfile575.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile575.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile162.txt > Output/Tests.testfile162.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile162.txt > Output/Tests.testfile162.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile162.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile697.txt > Output/Tests.testfile697.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile697.txt > Output/Tests.testfile697.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile697.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile377.txt > Output/Tests.testfile377.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile377.txt > Output/Tests.testfile377.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile377.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile147.txt > Output/Tests.testfile147.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile147.txt > Output/Tests.testfile147.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile147.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile677.txt > Output/Tests.testfile677.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile677.txt > Output/Tests.testfile677.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile677.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile865.txt > Output/Tests.testfile865.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile865.txt > Output/Tests.testfile865.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile865.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile301.txt > Output/Tests.testfile301.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile301.txt > Output/Tests.testfile301.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile301.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile631.txt > Output/Tests.testfile631.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile631.txt > Output/Tests.testfile631.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile631.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile552.txt > Output/Tests.testfile552.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile552.txt > Output/Tests.testfile552.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile552.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile492.txt > Output/Tests.testfile492.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile492.txt > Output/Tests.testfile492.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile492.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile334.txt > Output/Tests.testfile334.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile334.txt > Output/Tests.testfile334.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile334.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile665.txt > Output/Tests.testfile665.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile665.txt > Output/Tests.testfile665.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile665.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile689.txt > Output/Tests.testfile689.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile689.txt > Output/Tests.testfile689.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile689.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile734.txt > Output/Tests.testfile734.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile734.txt > Output/Tests.testfile734.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile734.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile322.txt > Output/Tests.testfile322.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile322.txt > Output/Tests.testfile322.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile322.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile111.txt > Output/Tests.testfile111.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile111.txt > Output/Tests.testfile111.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile111.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile858.txt > Output/Tests.testfile858.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile858.txt > Output/Tests.testfile858.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile858.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile852.txt > Output/Tests.testfile852.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile852.txt > Output/Tests.testfile852.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile852.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile954.txt > Output/Tests.testfile954.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile954.txt > Output/Tests.testfile954.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile954.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile512.txt > Output/Tests.testfile512.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile512.txt > Output/Tests.testfile512.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile512.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile748.txt > Output/Tests.testfile748.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile748.txt > Output/Tests.testfile748.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile748.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile160.txt > Output/Tests.testfile160.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile160.txt > Output/Tests.testfile160.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile160.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile278.txt > Output/Tests.testfile278.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile278.txt > Output/Tests.testfile278.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile278.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile586.txt > Output/Tests.testfile586.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile586.txt > Output/Tests.testfile586.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile586.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile676.txt > Output/Tests.testfile676.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile676.txt > Output/Tests.testfile676.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile676.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile555.txt > Output/Tests.testfile555.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile555.txt > Output/Tests.testfile555.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile555.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile776.txt > Output/Tests.testfile776.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile776.txt > Output/Tests.testfile776.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile776.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile720.txt > Output/Tests.testfile720.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile720.txt > Output/Tests.testfile720.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile720.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile561.txt > Output/Tests.testfile561.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile561.txt > Output/Tests.testfile561.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile561.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile506.txt > Output/Tests.testfile506.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile506.txt > Output/Tests.testfile506.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile506.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile255.txt > Output/Tests.testfile255.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile255.txt > Output/Tests.testfile255.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile255.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile874.txt > Output/Tests.testfile874.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile874.txt > Output/Tests.testfile874.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile874.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile118.txt > Output/Tests.testfile118.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile118.txt > Output/Tests.testfile118.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile118.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile558.txt > Output/Tests.testfile558.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile558.txt > Output/Tests.testfile558.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile558.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile483.txt > Output/Tests.testfile483.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile483.txt > Output/Tests.testfile483.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile483.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile373.txt > Output/Tests.testfile373.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile373.txt > Output/Tests.testfile373.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile373.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile621.txt > Output/Tests.testfile621.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile621.txt > Output/Tests.testfile621.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile621.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile158.txt > Output/Tests.testfile158.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile158.txt > Output/Tests.testfile158.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile158.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile305.txt > Output/Tests.testfile305.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile305.txt > Output/Tests.testfile305.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile305.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile763.txt > Output/Tests.testfile763.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile763.txt > Output/Tests.testfile763.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile763.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile120.txt > Output/Tests.testfile120.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile120.txt > Output/Tests.testfile120.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile120.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile906.txt > Output/Tests.testfile906.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile906.txt > Output/Tests.testfile906.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile906.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile991.txt > Output/Tests.testfile991.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile991.txt > Output/Tests.testfile991.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile991.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile994.txt > Output/Tests.testfile994.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile994.txt > Output/Tests.testfile994.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile994.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile788.txt > Output/Tests.testfile788.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile788.txt > Output/Tests.testfile788.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile788.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile106.txt > Output/Tests.testfile106.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile106.txt > Output/Tests.testfile106.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile106.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile647.txt > Output/Tests.testfile647.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile647.txt > Output/Tests.testfile647.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile647.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile915.txt > Output/Tests.testfile915.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile915.txt > Output/Tests.testfile915.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile915.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile715.txt > Output/Tests.testfile715.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile715.txt > Output/Tests.testfile715.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile715.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile519.txt > Output/Tests.testfile519.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile519.txt > Output/Tests.testfile519.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile519.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile246.txt > Output/Tests.testfile246.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile246.txt > Output/Tests.testfile246.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile246.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile236.txt > Output/Tests.testfile236.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile236.txt > Output/Tests.testfile236.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile236.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile376.txt > Output/Tests.testfile376.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile376.txt > Output/Tests.testfile376.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile376.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile592.txt > Output/Tests.testfile592.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile592.txt > Output/Tests.testfile592.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile592.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile485.txt > Output/Tests.testfile485.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile485.txt > Output/Tests.testfile485.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile485.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile831.txt > Output/Tests.testfile831.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile831.txt > Output/Tests.testfile831.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile831.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile481.txt > Output/Tests.testfile481.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile481.txt > Output/Tests.testfile481.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile481.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile774.txt > Output/Tests.testfile774.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile774.txt > Output/Tests.testfile774.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile774.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile121.txt > Output/Tests.testfile121.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile121.txt > Output/Tests.testfile121.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile121.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile619.txt > Output/Tests.testfile619.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile619.txt > Output/Tests.testfile619.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile619.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile100.txt > Output/Tests.testfile100.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile100.txt > Output/Tests.testfile100.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile100.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile787.txt > Output/Tests.testfile787.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile787.txt > Output/Tests.testfile787.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile787.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile912.txt > Output/Tests.testfile912.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile912.txt > Output/Tests.testfile912.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile912.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile460.txt > Output/Tests.testfile460.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile460.txt > Output/Tests.testfile460.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile460.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile247.txt > Output/Tests.testfile247.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile247.txt > Output/Tests.testfile247.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile247.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile937.txt > Output/Tests.testfile937.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile937.txt > Output/Tests.testfile937.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile937.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile191.txt > Output/Tests.testfile191.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile191.txt > Output/Tests.testfile191.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile191.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile704.txt > Output/Tests.testfile704.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile704.txt > Output/Tests.testfile704.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile704.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile570.txt > Output/Tests.testfile570.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile570.txt > Output/Tests.testfile570.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile570.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile459.txt > Output/Tests.testfile459.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile459.txt > Output/Tests.testfile459.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile459.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile287.txt > Output/Tests.testfile287.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile287.txt > Output/Tests.testfile287.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile287.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile386.txt > Output/Tests.testfile386.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile386.txt > Output/Tests.testfile386.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile386.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile834.txt > Output/Tests.testfile834.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile834.txt > Output/Tests.testfile834.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile834.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile840.txt > Output/Tests.testfile840.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile840.txt > Output/Tests.testfile840.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile840.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile238.txt > Output/Tests.testfile238.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile238.txt > Output/Tests.testfile238.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile238.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile474.txt > Output/Tests.testfile474.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile474.txt > Output/Tests.testfile474.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile474.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile898.txt > Output/Tests.testfile898.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile898.txt > Output/Tests.testfile898.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile898.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile409.txt > Output/Tests.testfile409.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile409.txt > Output/Tests.testfile409.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile409.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile726.txt > Output/Tests.testfile726.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile726.txt > Output/Tests.testfile726.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile726.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile663.txt > Output/Tests.testfile663.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile663.txt > Output/Tests.testfile663.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile663.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile948.txt > Output/Tests.testfile948.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile948.txt > Output/Tests.testfile948.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile948.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile869.txt > Output/Tests.testfile869.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile869.txt > Output/Tests.testfile869.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile869.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile803.txt > Output/Tests.testfile803.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile803.txt > Output/Tests.testfile803.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile803.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile271.txt > Output/Tests.testfile271.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile271.txt > Output/Tests.testfile271.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile271.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile339.txt > Output/Tests.testfile339.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile339.txt > Output/Tests.testfile339.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile339.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile638.txt > Output/Tests.testfile638.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile638.txt > Output/Tests.testfile638.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile638.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile219.txt > Output/Tests.testfile219.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile219.txt > Output/Tests.testfile219.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile219.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile527.txt > Output/Tests.testfile527.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile527.txt > Output/Tests.testfile527.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile527.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile887.txt > Output/Tests.testfile887.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile887.txt > Output/Tests.testfile887.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile887.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile291.txt > Output/Tests.testfile291.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile291.txt > Output/Tests.testfile291.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile291.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile469.txt > Output/Tests.testfile469.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile469.txt > Output/Tests.testfile469.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile469.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile444.txt > Output/Tests.testfile444.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile444.txt > Output/Tests.testfile444.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile444.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile823.txt > Output/Tests.testfile823.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile823.txt > Output/Tests.testfile823.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile823.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile791.txt > Output/Tests.testfile791.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile791.txt > Output/Tests.testfile791.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile791.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile623.txt > Output/Tests.testfile623.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile623.txt > Output/Tests.testfile623.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile623.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile346.txt > Output/Tests.testfile346.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile346.txt > Output/Tests.testfile346.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile346.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile455.txt > Output/Tests.testfile455.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile455.txt > Output/Tests.testfile455.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile455.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile423.txt > Output/Tests.testfile423.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile423.txt > Output/Tests.testfile423.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile423.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile808.txt > Output/Tests.testfile808.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile808.txt > Output/Tests.testfile808.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile808.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile318.txt > Output/Tests.testfile318.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile318.txt > Output/Tests.testfile318.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile318.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile988.txt > Output/Tests.testfile988.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile988.txt > Output/Tests.testfile988.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile988.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile652.txt > Output/Tests.testfile652.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile652.txt > Output/Tests.testfile652.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile652.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile331.txt > Output/Tests.testfile331.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile331.txt > Output/Tests.testfile331.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile331.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile186.txt > Output/Tests.testfile186.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile186.txt > Output/Tests.testfile186.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile186.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile181.txt > Output/Tests.testfile181.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile181.txt > Output/Tests.testfile181.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile181.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile990.txt > Output/Tests.testfile990.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile990.txt > Output/Tests.testfile990.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile990.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile134.txt > Output/Tests.testfile134.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile134.txt > Output/Tests.testfile134.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile134.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile899.txt > Output/Tests.testfile899.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile899.txt > Output/Tests.testfile899.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile899.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile733.txt > Output/Tests.testfile733.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile733.txt > Output/Tests.testfile733.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile733.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile225.txt > Output/Tests.testfile225.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile225.txt > Output/Tests.testfile225.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile225.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile757.txt > Output/Tests.testfile757.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile757.txt > Output/Tests.testfile757.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile757.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile329.txt > Output/Tests.testfile329.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile329.txt > Output/Tests.testfile329.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile329.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile768.txt > Output/Tests.testfile768.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile768.txt > Output/Tests.testfile768.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile768.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile843.txt > Output/Tests.testfile843.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile843.txt > Output/Tests.testfile843.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile843.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile142.txt > Output/Tests.testfile142.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile142.txt > Output/Tests.testfile142.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile142.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile319.txt > Output/Tests.testfile319.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile319.txt > Output/Tests.testfile319.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile319.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile259.txt > Output/Tests.testfile259.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile259.txt > Output/Tests.testfile259.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile259.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile836.txt > Output/Tests.testfile836.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile836.txt > Output/Tests.testfile836.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile836.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile649.txt > Output/Tests.testfile649.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile649.txt > Output/Tests.testfile649.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile649.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile218.txt > Output/Tests.testfile218.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile218.txt > Output/Tests.testfile218.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile218.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile463.txt > Output/Tests.testfile463.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile463.txt > Output/Tests.testfile463.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile463.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile366.txt > Output/Tests.testfile366.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile366.txt > Output/Tests.testfile366.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile366.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile620.txt > Output/Tests.testfile620.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile620.txt > Output/Tests.testfile620.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile620.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile333.txt > Output/Tests.testfile333.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile333.txt > Output/Tests.testfile333.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile333.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile851.txt > Output/Tests.testfile851.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile851.txt > Output/Tests.testfile851.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile851.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile903.txt > Output/Tests.testfile903.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile903.txt > Output/Tests.testfile903.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile903.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile546.txt > Output/Tests.testfile546.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile546.txt > Output/Tests.testfile546.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile546.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile112.txt > Output/Tests.testfile112.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile112.txt > Output/Tests.testfile112.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile112.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile487.txt > Output/Tests.testfile487.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile487.txt > Output/Tests.testfile487.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile487.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile398.txt > Output/Tests.testfile398.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile398.txt > Output/Tests.testfile398.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile398.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile856.txt > Output/Tests.testfile856.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile856.txt > Output/Tests.testfile856.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile856.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile693.txt > Output/Tests.testfile693.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile693.txt > Output/Tests.testfile693.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile693.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile357.txt > Output/Tests.testfile357.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile357.txt > Output/Tests.testfile357.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile357.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile875.txt > Output/Tests.testfile875.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile875.txt > Output/Tests.testfile875.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile875.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile982.txt > Output/Tests.testfile982.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile982.txt > Output/Tests.testfile982.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile982.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile673.txt > Output/Tests.testfile673.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile673.txt > Output/Tests.testfile673.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile673.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile946.txt > Output/Tests.testfile946.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile946.txt > Output/Tests.testfile946.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile946.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile786.txt > Output/Tests.testfile786.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile786.txt > Output/Tests.testfile786.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile786.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile707.txt > Output/Tests.testfile707.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile707.txt > Output/Tests.testfile707.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile707.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile233.txt > Output/Tests.testfile233.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile233.txt > Output/Tests.testfile233.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile233.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile661.txt > Output/Tests.testfile661.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile661.txt > Output/Tests.testfile661.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile661.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile609.txt > Output/Tests.testfile609.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile609.txt > Output/Tests.testfile609.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile609.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile243.txt > Output/Tests.testfile243.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile243.txt > Output/Tests.testfile243.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile243.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile909.txt > Output/Tests.testfile909.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile909.txt > Output/Tests.testfile909.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile909.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile200.txt > Output/Tests.testfile200.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile200.txt > Output/Tests.testfile200.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile200.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile312.txt > Output/Tests.testfile312.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile312.txt > Output/Tests.testfile312.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile312.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile135.txt > Output/Tests.testfile135.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile135.txt > Output/Tests.testfile135.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile135.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile634.txt > Output/Tests.testfile634.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile634.txt > Output/Tests.testfile634.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile634.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile845.txt > Output/Tests.testfile845.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile845.txt > Output/Tests.testfile845.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile845.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile612.txt > Output/Tests.testfile612.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile612.txt > Output/Tests.testfile612.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile612.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile499.txt > Output/Tests.testfile499.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile499.txt > Output/Tests.testfile499.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile499.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile828.txt > Output/Tests.testfile828.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile828.txt > Output/Tests.testfile828.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile828.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile934.txt > Output/Tests.testfile934.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile934.txt > Output/Tests.testfile934.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile934.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile814.txt > Output/Tests.testfile814.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile814.txt > Output/Tests.testfile814.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile814.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile422.txt > Output/Tests.testfile422.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile422.txt > Output/Tests.testfile422.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile422.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile606.txt > Output/Tests.testfile606.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile606.txt > Output/Tests.testfile606.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile606.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile893.txt > Output/Tests.testfile893.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile893.txt > Output/Tests.testfile893.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile893.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile279.txt > Output/Tests.testfile279.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile279.txt > Output/Tests.testfile279.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile279.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile632.txt > Output/Tests.testfile632.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile632.txt > Output/Tests.testfile632.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile632.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile900.txt > Output/Tests.testfile900.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile900.txt > Output/Tests.testfile900.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile900.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile861.txt > Output/Tests.testfile861.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile861.txt > Output/Tests.testfile861.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile861.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile202.txt > Output/Tests.testfile202.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile202.txt > Output/Tests.testfile202.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile202.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile222.txt > Output/Tests.testfile222.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile222.txt > Output/Tests.testfile222.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile222.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile687.txt > Output/Tests.testfile687.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile687.txt > Output/Tests.testfile687.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile687.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile944.txt > Output/Tests.testfile944.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile944.txt > Output/Tests.testfile944.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile944.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile653.txt > Output/Tests.testfile653.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile653.txt > Output/Tests.testfile653.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile653.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile327.txt > Output/Tests.testfile327.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile327.txt > Output/Tests.testfile327.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile327.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile241.txt > Output/Tests.testfile241.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile241.txt > Output/Tests.testfile241.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile241.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile429.txt > Output/Tests.testfile429.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile429.txt > Output/Tests.testfile429.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile429.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile392.txt > Output/Tests.testfile392.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile392.txt > Output/Tests.testfile392.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile392.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile927.txt > Output/Tests.testfile927.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile927.txt > Output/Tests.testfile927.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile927.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile419.txt > Output/Tests.testfile419.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile419.txt > Output/Tests.testfile419.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile419.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile354.txt > Output/Tests.testfile354.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile354.txt > Output/Tests.testfile354.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile354.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile197.txt > Output/Tests.testfile197.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile197.txt > Output/Tests.testfile197.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile197.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile897.txt > Output/Tests.testfile897.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile897.txt > Output/Tests.testfile897.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile897.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile932.txt > Output/Tests.testfile932.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile932.txt > Output/Tests.testfile932.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile932.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile643.txt > Output/Tests.testfile643.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile643.txt > Output/Tests.testfile643.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile643.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile911.txt > Output/Tests.testfile911.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile911.txt > Output/Tests.testfile911.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile911.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile179.txt > Output/Tests.testfile179.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile179.txt > Output/Tests.testfile179.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile179.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile371.txt > Output/Tests.testfile371.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile371.txt > Output/Tests.testfile371.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile371.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile941.txt > Output/Tests.testfile941.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile941.txt > Output/Tests.testfile941.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile941.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile895.txt > Output/Tests.testfile895.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile895.txt > Output/Tests.testfile895.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile895.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile976.txt > Output/Tests.testfile976.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile976.txt > Output/Tests.testfile976.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile976.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile936.txt > Output/Tests.testfile936.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile936.txt > Output/Tests.testfile936.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile936.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile996.txt > Output/Tests.testfile996.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile996.txt > Output/Tests.testfile996.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile996.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile792.txt > Output/Tests.testfile792.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile792.txt > Output/Tests.testfile792.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile792.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile325.txt > Output/Tests.testfile325.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile325.txt > Output/Tests.testfile325.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile325.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile772.txt > Output/Tests.testfile772.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile772.txt > Output/Tests.testfile772.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile772.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile577.txt > Output/Tests.testfile577.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile577.txt > Output/Tests.testfile577.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile577.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile432.txt > Output/Tests.testfile432.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile432.txt > Output/Tests.testfile432.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile432.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile522.txt > Output/Tests.testfile522.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile522.txt > Output/Tests.testfile522.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile522.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile443.txt > Output/Tests.testfile443.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile443.txt > Output/Tests.testfile443.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile443.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile167.txt > Output/Tests.testfile167.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile167.txt > Output/Tests.testfile167.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile167.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile448.txt > Output/Tests.testfile448.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile448.txt > Output/Tests.testfile448.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile448.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile375.txt > Output/Tests.testfile375.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile375.txt > Output/Tests.testfile375.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile375.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile523.txt > Output/Tests.testfile523.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile523.txt > Output/Tests.testfile523.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile523.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile981.txt > Output/Tests.testfile981.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile981.txt > Output/Tests.testfile981.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile981.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile837.txt > Output/Tests.testfile837.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile837.txt > Output/Tests.testfile837.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile837.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile595.txt > Output/Tests.testfile595.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile595.txt > Output/Tests.testfile595.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile595.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile441.txt > Output/Tests.testfile441.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile441.txt > Output/Tests.testfile441.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile441.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile712.txt > Output/Tests.testfile712.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile712.txt > Output/Tests.testfile712.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile712.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile205.txt > Output/Tests.testfile205.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile205.txt > Output/Tests.testfile205.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile205.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile417.txt > Output/Tests.testfile417.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile417.txt > Output/Tests.testfile417.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile417.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile534.txt > Output/Tests.testfile534.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile534.txt > Output/Tests.testfile534.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile534.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile930.txt > Output/Tests.testfile930.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile930.txt > Output/Tests.testfile930.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile930.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile504.txt > Output/Tests.testfile504.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile504.txt > Output/Tests.testfile504.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile504.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile965.txt > Output/Tests.testfile965.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile965.txt > Output/Tests.testfile965.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile965.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile956.txt > Output/Tests.testfile956.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile956.txt > Output/Tests.testfile956.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile956.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile885.txt > Output/Tests.testfile885.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile885.txt > Output/Tests.testfile885.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile885.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile426.txt > Output/Tests.testfile426.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile426.txt > Output/Tests.testfile426.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile426.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile168.txt > Output/Tests.testfile168.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile168.txt > Output/Tests.testfile168.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile168.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile116.txt > Output/Tests.testfile116.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile116.txt > Output/Tests.testfile116.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile116.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile297.txt > Output/Tests.testfile297.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile297.txt > Output/Tests.testfile297.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile297.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile920.txt > Output/Tests.testfile920.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile920.txt > Output/Tests.testfile920.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile920.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile998.txt > Output/Tests.testfile998.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile998.txt > Output/Tests.testfile998.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile998.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile267.txt > Output/Tests.testfile267.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile267.txt > Output/Tests.testfile267.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile267.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile436.txt > Output/Tests.testfile436.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile436.txt > Output/Tests.testfile436.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile436.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile438.txt > Output/Tests.testfile438.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile438.txt > Output/Tests.testfile438.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile438.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile730.txt > Output/Tests.testfile730.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile730.txt > Output/Tests.testfile730.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile730.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile164.txt > Output/Tests.testfile164.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile164.txt > Output/Tests.testfile164.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile164.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile698.txt > Output/Tests.testfile698.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile698.txt > Output/Tests.testfile698.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile698.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile230.txt > Output/Tests.testfile230.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile230.txt > Output/Tests.testfile230.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile230.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile752.txt > Output/Tests.testfile752.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile752.txt > Output/Tests.testfile752.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile752.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile725.txt > Output/Tests.testfile725.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile725.txt > Output/Tests.testfile725.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile725.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile696.txt > Output/Tests.testfile696.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile696.txt > Output/Tests.testfile696.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile696.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile133.txt > Output/Tests.testfile133.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile133.txt > Output/Tests.testfile133.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile133.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile816.txt > Output/Tests.testfile816.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile816.txt > Output/Tests.testfile816.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile816.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile108.txt > Output/Tests.testfile108.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile108.txt > Output/Tests.testfile108.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile108.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile860.txt > Output/Tests.testfile860.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile860.txt > Output/Tests.testfile860.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile860.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjf..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile655.txt > Output/Tests.testfile655.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile655.txt > Output/Tests.testfile655.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile655.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile740.txt > Output/Tests.testfile740.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile740.txt > Output/Tests.testfile740.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile740.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile751.txt > Output/Tests.testfile751.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile751.txt > Output/Tests.testfile751.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile751.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile476.txt > Output/Tests.testfile476.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile476.txt > Output/Tests.testfile476.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile476.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile314.txt > Output/Tests.testfile314.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile314.txt > Output/Tests.testfile314.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile314.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile174.txt > Output/Tests.testfile174.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile174.txt > Output/Tests.testfile174.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile174.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile624.txt > Output/Tests.testfile624.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile624.txt > Output/Tests.testfile624.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile624.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile548.txt > Output/Tests.testfile548.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile548.txt > Output/Tests.testfile548.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile548.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile126.txt > Output/Tests.testfile126.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile126.txt > Output/Tests.testfile126.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile126.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile253.txt > Output/Tests.testfile253.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile253.txt > Output/Tests.testfile253.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile253.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile525.txt > Output/Tests.testfile525.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile525.txt > Output/Tests.testfile525.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile525.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile807.txt > Output/Tests.testfile807.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile807.txt > Output/Tests.testfile807.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile807.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile999.txt > Output/Tests.testfile999.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile999.txt > Output/Tests.testfile999.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile999.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile229.txt > Output/Tests.testfile229.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile229.txt > Output/Tests.testfile229.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile229.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile811.txt > Output/Tests.testfile811.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile811.txt > Output/Tests.testfile811.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile811.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile681.txt > Output/Tests.testfile681.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile681.txt > Output/Tests.testfile681.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile681.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile741.txt > Output/Tests.testfile741.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile741.txt > Output/Tests.testfile741.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile741.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile848.txt > Output/Tests.testfile848.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile848.txt > Output/Tests.testfile848.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile848.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile812.txt > Output/Tests.testfile812.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile812.txt > Output/Tests.testfile812.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile812.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile967.txt > Output/Tests.testfile967.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile967.txt > Output/Tests.testfile967.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile967.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile822.txt > Output/Tests.testfile822.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile822.txt > Output/Tests.testfile822.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile822.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile708.txt > Output/Tests.testfile708.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile708.txt > Output/Tests.testfile708.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile708.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile413.txt > Output/Tests.testfile413.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile413.txt > Output/Tests.testfile413.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile413.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile180.txt > Output/Tests.testfile180.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile180.txt > Output/Tests.testfile180.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile180.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile341.txt > Output/Tests.testfile341.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile341.txt > Output/Tests.testfile341.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile341.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile830.txt > Output/Tests.testfile830.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile830.txt > Output/Tests.testfile830.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile830.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile739.txt > Output/Tests.testfile739.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile739.txt > Output/Tests.testfile739.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile739.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile580.txt > Output/Tests.testfile580.txtBin.sjf
timeout 1 ./SJF Tests/testfile580.txt > Output/Tests.testfile580.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile580.txtBin.sjf

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile187.txt > Output/Tests.testfile187.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile187.txt > Output/Tests.testfile187.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile187.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile405.txt > Output/Tests.testfile405.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile405.txt > Output/Tests.testfile405.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile405.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile521.txt > Output/Tests.testfile521.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile521.txt > Output/Tests.testfile521.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile521.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile356.txt > Output/Tests.testfile356.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile356.txt > Output/Tests.testfile356.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile356.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile933.txt > Output/Tests.testfile933.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile933.txt > Output/Tests.testfile933.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile933.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile657.txt > Output/Tests.testfile657.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile657.txt > Output/Tests.testfile657.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile657.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile363.txt > Output/Tests.testfile363.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile363.txt > Output/Tests.testfile363.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile363.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile156.txt > Output/Tests.testfile156.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile156.txt > Output/Tests.testfile156.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile156.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile149.txt > Output/Tests.testfile149.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile149.txt > Output/Tests.testfile149.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile149.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile628.txt > Output/Tests.testfile628.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile628.txt > Output/Tests.testfile628.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile628.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile795.txt > Output/Tests.testfile795.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile795.txt > Output/Tests.testfile795.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile795.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile461.txt > Output/Tests.testfile461.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile461.txt > Output/Tests.testfile461.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile461.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile450.txt > Output/Tests.testfile450.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile450.txt > Output/Tests.testfile450.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile450.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile152.txt > Output/Tests.testfile152.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile152.txt > Output/Tests.testfile152.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile152.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile248.txt > Output/Tests.testfile248.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile248.txt > Output/Tests.testfile248.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile248.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile250.txt > Output/Tests.testfile250.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile250.txt > Output/Tests.testfile250.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile250.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile383.txt > Output/Tests.testfile383.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile383.txt > Output/Tests.testfile383.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile383.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile124.txt > Output/Tests.testfile124.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile124.txt > Output/Tests.testfile124.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile124.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile669.txt > Output/Tests.testfile669.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile669.txt > Output/Tests.testfile669.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile669.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile961.txt > Output/Tests.testfile961.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile961.txt > Output/Tests.testfile961.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile961.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile412.txt > Output/Tests.testfile412.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile412.txt > Output/Tests.testfile412.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile412.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile992.txt > Output/Tests.testfile992.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile992.txt > Output/Tests.testfile992.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile992.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile648.txt > Output/Tests.testfile648.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile648.txt > Output/Tests.testfile648.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile648.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile269.txt > Output/Tests.testfile269.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile269.txt > Output/Tests.testfile269.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile269.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile232.txt > Output/Tests.testfile232.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile232.txt > Output/Tests.testfile232.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile232.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile601.txt > Output/Tests.testfile601.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile601.txt > Output/Tests.testfile601.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile601.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile959.txt > Output/Tests.testfile959.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile959.txt > Output/Tests.testfile959.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile959.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile260.txt > Output/Tests.testfile260.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile260.txt > Output/Tests.testfile260.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile260.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile699.txt > Output/Tests.testfile699.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile699.txt > Output/Tests.testfile699.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile699.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile169.txt > Output/Tests.testfile169.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile169.txt > Output/Tests.testfile169.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile169.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile171.txt > Output/Tests.testfile171.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile171.txt > Output/Tests.testfile171.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile171.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile972.txt > Output/Tests.testfile972.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile972.txt > Output/Tests.testfile972.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile972.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile866.txt > Output/Tests.testfile866.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile866.txt > Output/Tests.testfile866.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile866.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile146.txt > Output/Tests.testfile146.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile146.txt > Output/Tests.testfile146.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile146.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile983.txt > Output/Tests.testfile983.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile983.txt > Output/Tests.testfile983.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile983.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile985.txt > Output/Tests.testfile985.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile985.txt > Output/Tests.testfile985.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile985.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile868.txt > Output/Tests.testfile868.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile868.txt > Output/Tests.testfile868.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile868.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile847.txt > Output/Tests.testfile847.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile847.txt > Output/Tests.testfile847.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile847.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile403.txt > Output/Tests.testfile403.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile403.txt > Output/Tests.testfile403.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile403.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile188.txt > Output/Tests.testfile188.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile188.txt > Output/Tests.testfile188.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile188.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile348.txt > Output/Tests.testfile348.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile348.txt > Output/Tests.testfile348.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile348.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile928.txt > Output/Tests.testfile928.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile928.txt > Output/Tests.testfile928.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile928.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile442.txt > Output/Tests.testfile442.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile442.txt > Output/Tests.testfile442.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile442.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile161.txt > Output/Tests.testfile161.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile161.txt > Output/Tests.testfile161.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile161.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile183.txt > Output/Tests.testfile183.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile183.txt > Output/Tests.testfile183.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile183.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile679.txt > Output/Tests.testfile679.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile679.txt > Output/Tests.testfile679.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile679.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile393.txt > Output/Tests.testfile393.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile393.txt > Output/Tests.testfile393.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile393.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile282.txt > Output/Tests.testfile282.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile282.txt > Output/Tests.testfile282.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile282.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile102.txt > Output/Tests.testfile102.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile102.txt > Output/Tests.testfile102.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile102.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile340.txt > Output/Tests.testfile340.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile340.txt > Output/Tests.testfile340.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile340.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile820.txt > Output/Tests.testfile820.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile820.txt > Output/Tests.testfile820.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile820.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile224.txt > Output/Tests.testfile224.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile224.txt > Output/Tests.testfile224.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile224.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile987.txt > Output/Tests.testfile987.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile987.txt > Output/Tests.testfile987.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile987.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile666.txt > Output/Tests.testfile666.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile666.txt > Output/Tests.testfile666.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile666.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile500.txt > Output/Tests.testfile500.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile500.txt > Output/Tests.testfile500.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile500.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile320.txt > Output/Tests.testfile320.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile320.txt > Output/Tests.testfile320.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile320.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile388.txt > Output/Tests.testfile388.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile388.txt > Output/Tests.testfile388.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile388.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile731.txt > Output/Tests.testfile731.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile731.txt > Output/Tests.testfile731.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile731.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile257.txt > Output/Tests.testfile257.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile257.txt > Output/Tests.testfile257.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile257.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile270.txt > Output/Tests.testfile270.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile270.txt > Output/Tests.testfile270.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile270.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile902.txt > Output/Tests.testfile902.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile902.txt > Output/Tests.testfile902.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile902.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile984.txt > Output/Tests.testfile984.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile984.txt > Output/Tests.testfile984.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile984.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile841.txt > Output/Tests.testfile841.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile841.txt > Output/Tests.testfile841.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile841.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile369.txt > Output/Tests.testfile369.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile369.txt > Output/Tests.testfile369.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile369.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile760.txt > Output/Tests.testfile760.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile760.txt > Output/Tests.testfile760.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile760.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile513.txt > Output/Tests.testfile513.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile513.txt > Output/Tests.testfile513.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile513.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile908.txt > Output/Tests.testfile908.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile908.txt > Output/Tests.testfile908.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile908.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile590.txt > Output/Tests.testfile590.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile590.txt > Output/Tests.testfile590.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile590.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile773.txt > Output/Tests.testfile773.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile773.txt > Output/Tests.testfile773.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile773.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile303.txt > Output/Tests.testfile303.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile303.txt > Output/Tests.testfile303.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile303.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile771.txt > Output/Tests.testfile771.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile771.txt > Output/Tests.testfile771.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile771.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile364.txt > Output/Tests.testfile364.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile364.txt > Output/Tests.testfile364.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile364.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile321.txt > Output/Tests.testfile321.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile321.txt > Output/Tests.testfile321.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile321.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile337.txt > Output/Tests.testfile337.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile337.txt > Output/Tests.testfile337.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile337.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile884.txt > Output/Tests.testfile884.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile884.txt > Output/Tests.testfile884.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile884.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile749.txt > Output/Tests.testfile749.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile749.txt > Output/Tests.testfile749.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile749.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile433.txt > Output/Tests.testfile433.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile433.txt > Output/Tests.testfile433.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile433.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile732.txt > Output/Tests.testfile732.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile732.txt > Output/Tests.testfile732.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile732.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile245.txt > Output/Tests.testfile245.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile245.txt > Output/Tests.testfile245.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile245.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile231.txt > Output/Tests.testfile231.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile231.txt > Output/Tests.testfile231.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile231.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile136.txt > Output/Tests.testfile136.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile136.txt > Output/Tests.testfile136.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile136.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile326.txt > Output/Tests.testfile326.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile326.txt > Output/Tests.testfile326.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile326.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile947.txt > Output/Tests.testfile947.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile947.txt > Output/Tests.testfile947.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile947.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile576.txt > Output/Tests.testfile576.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile576.txt > Output/Tests.testfile576.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile576.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile154.txt > Output/Tests.testfile154.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile154.txt > Output/Tests.testfile154.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile154.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile507.txt > Output/Tests.testfile507.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile507.txt > Output/Tests.testfile507.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile507.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile109.txt > Output/Tests.testfile109.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile109.txt > Output/Tests.testfile109.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile109.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile567.txt > Output/Tests.testfile567.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile567.txt > Output/Tests.testfile567.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile567.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile767.txt > Output/Tests.testfile767.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile767.txt > Output/Tests.testfile767.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile767.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile650.txt > Output/Tests.testfile650.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile650.txt > Output/Tests.testfile650.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile650.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile568.txt > Output/Tests.testfile568.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile568.txt > Output/Tests.testfile568.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile568.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile913.txt > Output/Tests.testfile913.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile913.txt > Output/Tests.testfile913.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile913.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile596.txt > Output/Tests.testfile596.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile596.txt > Output/Tests.testfile596.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile596.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile447.txt > Output/Tests.testfile447.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile447.txt > Output/Tests.testfile447.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile447.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile143.txt > Output/Tests.testfile143.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile143.txt > Output/Tests.testfile143.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile143.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile641.txt > Output/Tests.testfile641.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile641.txt > Output/Tests.testfile641.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile641.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile494.txt > Output/Tests.testfile494.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile494.txt > Output/Tests.testfile494.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile494.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile646.txt > Output/Tests.testfile646.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile646.txt > Output/Tests.testfile646.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile646.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile263.txt > Output/Tests.testfile263.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile263.txt > Output/Tests.testfile263.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile263.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile151.txt > Output/Tests.testfile151.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile151.txt > Output/Tests.testfile151.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile151.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile524.txt > Output/Tests.testfile524.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile524.txt > Output/Tests.testfile524.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile524.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile350.txt > Output/Tests.testfile350.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile350.txt > Output/Tests.testfile350.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile350.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile762.txt > Output/Tests.testfile762.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile762.txt > Output/Tests.testfile762.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile762.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile949.txt > Output/Tests.testfile949.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile949.txt > Output/Tests.testfile949.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile949.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile970.txt > Output/Tests.testfile970.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile970.txt > Output/Tests.testfile970.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile970.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile835.txt > Output/Tests.testfile835.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile835.txt > Output/Tests.testfile835.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile835.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile501.txt > Output/Tests.testfile501.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile501.txt > Output/Tests.testfile501.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile501.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile849.txt > Output/Tests.testfile849.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile849.txt > Output/Tests.testfile849.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile849.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile957.txt > Output/Tests.testfile957.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile957.txt > Output/Tests.testfile957.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile957.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile904.txt > Output/Tests.testfile904.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile904.txt > Output/Tests.testfile904.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile904.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile410.txt > Output/Tests.testfile410.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile410.txt > Output/Tests.testfile410.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile410.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile579.txt > Output/Tests.testfile579.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile579.txt > Output/Tests.testfile579.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile579.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile817.txt > Output/Tests.testfile817.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile817.txt > Output/Tests.testfile817.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile817.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile479.txt > Output/Tests.testfile479.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile479.txt > Output/Tests.testfile479.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile479.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile538.txt > Output/Tests.testfile538.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile538.txt > Output/Tests.testfile538.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile538.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile769.txt > Output/Tests.testfile769.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile769.txt > Output/Tests.testfile769.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile769.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile753.txt > Output/Tests.testfile753.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile753.txt > Output/Tests.testfile753.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile753.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile288.txt > Output/Tests.testfile288.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile288.txt > Output/Tests.testfile288.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile288.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile602.txt > Output/Tests.testfile602.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile602.txt > Output/Tests.testfile602.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile602.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile359.txt > Output/Tests.testfile359.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile359.txt > Output/Tests.testfile359.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile359.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile896.txt > Output/Tests.testfile896.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile896.txt > Output/Tests.testfile896.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile896.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile931.txt > Output/Tests.testfile931.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile931.txt > Output/Tests.testfile931.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile931.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile705.txt > Output/Tests.testfile705.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile705.txt > Output/Tests.testfile705.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile705.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile349.txt > Output/Tests.testfile349.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile349.txt > Output/Tests.testfile349.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile349.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile105.txt > Output/Tests.testfile105.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile105.txt > Output/Tests.testfile105.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile105.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile311.txt > Output/Tests.testfile311.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile311.txt > Output/Tests.testfile311.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile311.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile457.txt > Output/Tests.testfile457.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile457.txt > Output/Tests.testfile457.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile457.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile969.txt > Output/Tests.testfile969.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile969.txt > Output/Tests.testfile969.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile969.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile923.txt > Output/Tests.testfile923.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile923.txt > Output/Tests.testfile923.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile923.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile680.txt > Output/Tests.testfile680.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile680.txt > Output/Tests.testfile680.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile680.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile283.txt > Output/Tests.testfile283.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile283.txt > Output/Tests.testfile283.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile283.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile389.txt > Output/Tests.testfile389.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile389.txt > Output/Tests.testfile389.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile389.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile361.txt > Output/Tests.testfile361.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile361.txt > Output/Tests.testfile361.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile361.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile449.txt > Output/Tests.testfile449.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile449.txt > Output/Tests.testfile449.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile449.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile594.txt > Output/Tests.testfile594.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile594.txt > Output/Tests.testfile594.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile594.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile240.txt > Output/Tests.testfile240.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile240.txt > Output/Tests.testfile240.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile240.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile832.txt > Output/Tests.testfile832.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile832.txt > Output/Tests.testfile832.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile832.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile617.txt > Output/Tests.testfile617.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile617.txt > Output/Tests.testfile617.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile617.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile201.txt > Output/Tests.testfile201.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile201.txt > Output/Tests.testfile201.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile201.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile547.txt > Output/Tests.testfile547.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile547.txt > Output/Tests.testfile547.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile547.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile794.txt > Output/Tests.testfile794.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile794.txt > Output/Tests.testfile794.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile794.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile573.txt > Output/Tests.testfile573.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile573.txt > Output/Tests.testfile573.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile573.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile630.txt > Output/Tests.testfile630.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile630.txt > Output/Tests.testfile630.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile630.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile603.txt > Output/Tests.testfile603.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile603.txt > Output/Tests.testfile603.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile603.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile886.txt > Output/Tests.testfile886.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile886.txt > Output/Tests.testfile886.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile886.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile130.txt > Output/Tests.testfile130.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile130.txt > Output/Tests.testfile130.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile130.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile942.txt > Output/Tests.testfile942.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile942.txt > Output/Tests.testfile942.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile942.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile675.txt > Output/Tests.testfile675.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile675.txt > Output/Tests.testfile675.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile675.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile351.txt > Output/Tests.testfile351.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile351.txt > Output/Tests.testfile351.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile351.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile195.txt > Output/Tests.testfile195.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile195.txt > Output/Tests.testfile195.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile195.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile374.txt > Output/Tests.testfile374.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile374.txt > Output/Tests.testfile374.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile374.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile360.txt > Output/Tests.testfile360.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile360.txt > Output/Tests.testfile360.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile360.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile176.txt > Output/Tests.testfile176.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile176.txt > Output/Tests.testfile176.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile176.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile368.txt > Output/Tests.testfile368.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile368.txt > Output/Tests.testfile368.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile368.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile445.txt > Output/Tests.testfile445.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile445.txt > Output/Tests.testfile445.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile445.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile591.txt > Output/Tests.testfile591.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile591.txt > Output/Tests.testfile591.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile591.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile709.txt > Output/Tests.testfile709.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile709.txt > Output/Tests.testfile709.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile709.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile695.txt > Output/Tests.testfile695.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile695.txt > Output/Tests.testfile695.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile695.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile921.txt > Output/Tests.testfile921.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile921.txt > Output/Tests.testfile921.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile921.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile184.txt > Output/Tests.testfile184.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile184.txt > Output/Tests.testfile184.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile184.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile153.txt > Output/Tests.testfile153.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile153.txt > Output/Tests.testfile153.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile153.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile317.txt > Output/Tests.testfile317.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile317.txt > Output/Tests.testfile317.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile317.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile755.txt > Output/Tests.testfile755.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile755.txt > Output/Tests.testfile755.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile755.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile114.txt > Output/Tests.testfile114.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile114.txt > Output/Tests.testfile114.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile114.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile355.txt > Output/Tests.testfile355.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile355.txt > Output/Tests.testfile355.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile355.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile456.txt > Output/Tests.testfile456.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile456.txt > Output/Tests.testfile456.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile456.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile678.txt > Output/Tests.testfile678.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile678.txt > Output/Tests.testfile678.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile678.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile864.txt > Output/Tests.testfile864.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile864.txt > Output/Tests.testfile864.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile864.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile353.txt > Output/Tests.testfile353.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile353.txt > Output/Tests.testfile353.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile353.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile420.txt > Output/Tests.testfile420.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile420.txt > Output/Tests.testfile420.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile420.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile543.txt > Output/Tests.testfile543.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile543.txt > Output/Tests.testfile543.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile543.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile855.txt > Output/Tests.testfile855.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile855.txt > Output/Tests.testfile855.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile855.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile550.txt > Output/Tests.testfile550.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile550.txt > Output/Tests.testfile550.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile550.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile974.txt > Output/Tests.testfile974.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile974.txt > Output/Tests.testfile974.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile974.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile777.txt > Output/Tests.testfile777.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile777.txt > Output/Tests.testfile777.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile777.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile454.txt > Output/Tests.testfile454.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile454.txt > Output/Tests.testfile454.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile454.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile785.txt > Output/Tests.testfile785.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile785.txt > Output/Tests.testfile785.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile785.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile140.txt > Output/Tests.testfile140.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile140.txt > Output/Tests.testfile140.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile140.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile871.txt > Output/Tests.testfile871.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile871.txt > Output/Tests.testfile871.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile871.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile496.txt > Output/Tests.testfile496.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile496.txt > Output/Tests.testfile496.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile496.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile139.txt > Output/Tests.testfile139.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile139.txt > Output/Tests.testfile139.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile139.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile637.txt > Output/Tests.testfile637.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile637.txt > Output/Tests.testfile637.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile637.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile737.txt > Output/Tests.testfile737.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile737.txt > Output/Tests.testfile737.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile737.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile235.txt > Output/Tests.testfile235.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile235.txt > Output/Tests.testfile235.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile235.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile674.txt > Output/Tests.testfile674.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile674.txt > Output/Tests.testfile674.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile674.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile686.txt > Output/Tests.testfile686.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile686.txt > Output/Tests.testfile686.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile686.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile962.txt > Output/Tests.testfile962.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile962.txt > Output/Tests.testfile962.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile962.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile533.txt > Output/Tests.testfile533.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile533.txt > Output/Tests.testfile533.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile533.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile138.txt > Output/Tests.testfile138.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile138.txt > Output/Tests.testfile138.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile138.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile452.txt > Output/Tests.testfile452.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile452.txt > Output/Tests.testfile452.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile452.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile935.txt > Output/Tests.testfile935.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile935.txt > Output/Tests.testfile935.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile935.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile685.txt > Output/Tests.testfile685.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile685.txt > Output/Tests.testfile685.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile685.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile800.txt > Output/Tests.testfile800.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile800.txt > Output/Tests.testfile800.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile800.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile842.txt > Output/Tests.testfile842.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile842.txt > Output/Tests.testfile842.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile842.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile629.txt > Output/Tests.testfile629.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile629.txt > Output/Tests.testfile629.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile629.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile910.txt > Output/Tests.testfile910.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile910.txt > Output/Tests.testfile910.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile910.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile520.txt > Output/Tests.testfile520.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile520.txt > Output/Tests.testfile520.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile520.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile622.txt > Output/Tests.testfile622.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile622.txt > Output/Tests.testfile622.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile622.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile144.txt > Output/Tests.testfile144.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile144.txt > Output/Tests.testfile144.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile144.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile486.txt > Output/Tests.testfile486.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile486.txt > Output/Tests.testfile486.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile486.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile365.txt > Output/Tests.testfile365.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile365.txt > Output/Tests.testfile365.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile365.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile416.txt > Output/Tests.testfile416.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile416.txt > Output/Tests.testfile416.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile416.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile971.txt > Output/Tests.testfile971.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile971.txt > Output/Tests.testfile971.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile971.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile289.txt > Output/Tests.testfile289.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile289.txt > Output/Tests.testfile289.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile289.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile818.txt > Output/Tests.testfile818.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile818.txt > Output/Tests.testfile818.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile818.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile766.txt > Output/Tests.testfile766.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile766.txt > Output/Tests.testfile766.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile766.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile336.txt > Output/Tests.testfile336.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile336.txt > Output/Tests.testfile336.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile336.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile929.txt > Output/Tests.testfile929.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile929.txt > Output/Tests.testfile929.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile929.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile614.txt > Output/Tests.testfile614.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile614.txt > Output/Tests.testfile614.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile614.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile148.txt > Output/Tests.testfile148.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile148.txt > Output/Tests.testfile148.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile148.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile916.txt > Output/Tests.testfile916.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile916.txt > Output/Tests.testfile916.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile916.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile165.txt > Output/Tests.testfile165.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile165.txt > Output/Tests.testfile165.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile165.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile394.txt > Output/Tests.testfile394.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile394.txt > Output/Tests.testfile394.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile394.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile198.txt > Output/Tests.testfile198.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile198.txt > Output/Tests.testfile198.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile198.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile401.txt > Output/Tests.testfile401.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile401.txt > Output/Tests.testfile401.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile401.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile711.txt > Output/Tests.testfile711.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile711.txt > Output/Tests.testfile711.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile711.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile529.txt > Output/Tests.testfile529.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile529.txt > Output/Tests.testfile529.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile529.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile662.txt > Output/Tests.testfile662.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile662.txt > Output/Tests.testfile662.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile662.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile599.txt > Output/Tests.testfile599.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile599.txt > Output/Tests.testfile599.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile599.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile141.txt > Output/Tests.testfile141.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile141.txt > Output/Tests.testfile141.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile141.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile727.txt > Output/Tests.testfile727.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile727.txt > Output/Tests.testfile727.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile727.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile304.txt > Output/Tests.testfile304.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile304.txt > Output/Tests.testfile304.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile304.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile399.txt > Output/Tests.testfile399.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile399.txt > Output/Tests.testfile399.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile399.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile275.txt > Output/Tests.testfile275.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile275.txt > Output/Tests.testfile275.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile275.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile882.txt > Output/Tests.testfile882.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile882.txt > Output/Tests.testfile882.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile882.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile844.txt > Output/Tests.testfile844.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile844.txt > Output/Tests.testfile844.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile844.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile664.txt > Output/Tests.testfile664.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile664.txt > Output/Tests.testfile664.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile664.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile509.txt > Output/Tests.testfile509.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile509.txt > Output/Tests.testfile509.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile509.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile627.txt > Output/Tests.testfile627.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile627.txt > Output/Tests.testfile627.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile627.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile854.txt > Output/Tests.testfile854.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile854.txt > Output/Tests.testfile854.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile854.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile883.txt > Output/Tests.testfile883.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile883.txt > Output/Tests.testfile883.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile883.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile249.txt > Output/Tests.testfile249.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile249.txt > Output/Tests.testfile249.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile249.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile672.txt > Output/Tests.testfile672.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile672.txt > Output/Tests.testfile672.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile672.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile316.txt > Output/Tests.testfile316.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile316.txt > Output/Tests.testfile316.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile316.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile280.txt > Output/Tests.testfile280.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile280.txt > Output/Tests.testfile280.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile280.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile980.txt > Output/Tests.testfile980.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile980.txt > Output/Tests.testfile980.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile980.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile989.txt > Output/Tests.testfile989.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile989.txt > Output/Tests.testfile989.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile989.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile252.txt > Output/Tests.testfile252.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile252.txt > Output/Tests.testfile252.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile252.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile986.txt > Output/Tests.testfile986.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile986.txt > Output/Tests.testfile986.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile986.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile396.txt > Output/Tests.testfile396.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile396.txt > Output/Tests.testfile396.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile396.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile300.txt > Output/Tests.testfile300.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile300.txt > Output/Tests.testfile300.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile300.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile891.txt > Output/Tests.testfile891.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile891.txt > Output/Tests.testfile891.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile891.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile477.txt > Output/Tests.testfile477.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile477.txt > Output/Tests.testfile477.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile477.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile578.txt > Output/Tests.testfile578.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile578.txt > Output/Tests.testfile578.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile578.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile150.txt > Output/Tests.testfile150.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile150.txt > Output/Tests.testfile150.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile150.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile660.txt > Output/Tests.testfile660.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile660.txt > Output/Tests.testfile660.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile660.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile315.txt > Output/Tests.testfile315.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile315.txt > Output/Tests.testfile315.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile315.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile626.txt > Output/Tests.testfile626.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile626.txt > Output/Tests.testfile626.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile626.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile397.txt > Output/Tests.testfile397.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile397.txt > Output/Tests.testfile397.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile397.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile234.txt > Output/Tests.testfile234.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile234.txt > Output/Tests.testfile234.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile234.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile489.txt > Output/Tests.testfile489.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile489.txt > Output/Tests.testfile489.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile489.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile345.txt > Output/Tests.testfile345.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile345.txt > Output/Tests.testfile345.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile345.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile571.txt > Output/Tests.testfile571.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile571.txt > Output/Tests.testfile571.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile571.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile682.txt > Output/Tests.testfile682.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile682.txt > Output/Tests.testfile682.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile682.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile127.txt > Output/Tests.testfile127.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile127.txt > Output/Tests.testfile127.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile127.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile745.txt > Output/Tests.testfile745.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile745.txt > Output/Tests.testfile745.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile745.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile206.txt > Output/Tests.testfile206.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile206.txt > Output/Tests.testfile206.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile206.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile604.txt > Output/Tests.testfile604.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile604.txt > Output/Tests.testfile604.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile604.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile881.txt > Output/Tests.testfile881.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile881.txt > Output/Tests.testfile881.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile881.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile292.txt > Output/Tests.testfile292.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile292.txt > Output/Tests.testfile292.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile292.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile892.txt > Output/Tests.testfile892.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile892.txt > Output/Tests.testfile892.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile892.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile839.txt > Output/Tests.testfile839.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile839.txt > Output/Tests.testfile839.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile839.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile296.txt > Output/Tests.testfile296.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile296.txt > Output/Tests.testfile296.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile296.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile618.txt > Output/Tests.testfile618.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile618.txt > Output/Tests.testfile618.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile618.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile307.txt > Output/Tests.testfile307.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile307.txt > Output/Tests.testfile307.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile307.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile754.txt > Output/Tests.testfile754.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile754.txt > Output/Tests.testfile754.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile754.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile284.txt > Output/Tests.testfile284.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile284.txt > Output/Tests.testfile284.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile284.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile759.txt > Output/Tests.testfile759.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile759.txt > Output/Tests.testfile759.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile759.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile484.txt > Output/Tests.testfile484.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile484.txt > Output/Tests.testfile484.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile484.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile273.txt > Output/Tests.testfile273.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile273.txt > Output/Tests.testfile273.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile273.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile221.txt > Output/Tests.testfile221.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile221.txt > Output/Tests.testfile221.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile221.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile177.txt > Output/Tests.testfile177.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile177.txt > Output/Tests.testfile177.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile177.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile531.txt > Output/Tests.testfile531.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile531.txt > Output/Tests.testfile531.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile531.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile793.txt > Output/Tests.testfile793.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile793.txt > Output/Tests.testfile793.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile793.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile122.txt > Output/Tests.testfile122.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile122.txt > Output/Tests.testfile122.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile122.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile490.txt > Output/Tests.testfile490.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile490.txt > Output/Tests.testfile490.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile490.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile744.txt > Output/Tests.testfile744.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile744.txt > Output/Tests.testfile744.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile744.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile306.txt > Output/Tests.testfile306.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile306.txt > Output/Tests.testfile306.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile306.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile945.txt > Output/Tests.testfile945.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile945.txt > Output/Tests.testfile945.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile945.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile227.txt > Output/Tests.testfile227.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile227.txt > Output/Tests.testfile227.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile227.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile813.txt > Output/Tests.testfile813.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile813.txt > Output/Tests.testfile813.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile813.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile541.txt > Output/Tests.testfile541.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile541.txt > Output/Tests.testfile541.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile541.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile537.txt > Output/Tests.testfile537.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile537.txt > Output/Tests.testfile537.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile537.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile244.txt > Output/Tests.testfile244.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile244.txt > Output/Tests.testfile244.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile244.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile764.txt > Output/Tests.testfile764.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile764.txt > Output/Tests.testfile764.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile764.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile784.txt > Output/Tests.testfile784.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile784.txt > Output/Tests.testfile784.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile784.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile237.txt > Output/Tests.testfile237.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile237.txt > Output/Tests.testfile237.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile237.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile566.txt > Output/Tests.testfile566.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile566.txt > Output/Tests.testfile566.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile566.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile190.txt > Output/Tests.testfile190.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile190.txt > Output/Tests.testfile190.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile190.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile978.txt > Output/Tests.testfile978.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile978.txt > Output/Tests.testfile978.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile978.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile605.txt > Output/Tests.testfile605.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile605.txt > Output/Tests.testfile605.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile605.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfs..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile343.txt > Output/Tests.testfile343.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile343.txt > Output/Tests.testfile343.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile343.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile251.txt > Output/Tests.testfile251.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile251.txt > Output/Tests.testfile251.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile251.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile472.txt > Output/Tests.testfile472.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile472.txt > Output/Tests.testfile472.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile472.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile427.txt > Output/Tests.testfile427.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile427.txt > Output/Tests.testfile427.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile427.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile265.txt > Output/Tests.testfile265.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile265.txt > Output/Tests.testfile265.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile265.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile286.txt > Output/Tests.testfile286.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile286.txt > Output/Tests.testfile286.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile286.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile302.txt > Output/Tests.testfile302.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile302.txt > Output/Tests.testfile302.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile302.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile782.txt > Output/Tests.testfile782.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile782.txt > Output/Tests.testfile782.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile782.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile335.txt > Output/Tests.testfile335.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile335.txt > Output/Tests.testfile335.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile335.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile710.txt > Output/Tests.testfile710.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile710.txt > Output/Tests.testfile710.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile710.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile424.txt > Output/Tests.testfile424.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile424.txt > Output/Tests.testfile424.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile424.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile128.txt > Output/Tests.testfile128.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile128.txt > Output/Tests.testfile128.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile128.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile597.txt > Output/Tests.testfile597.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile597.txt > Output/Tests.testfile597.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile597.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile723.txt > Output/Tests.testfile723.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile723.txt > Output/Tests.testfile723.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile723.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile799.txt > Output/Tests.testfile799.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile799.txt > Output/Tests.testfile799.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile799.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile503.txt > Output/Tests.testfile503.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile503.txt > Output/Tests.testfile503.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile503.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile668.txt > Output/Tests.testfile668.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile668.txt > Output/Tests.testfile668.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile668.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile406.txt > Output/Tests.testfile406.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile406.txt > Output/Tests.testfile406.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile406.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile380.txt > Output/Tests.testfile380.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile380.txt > Output/Tests.testfile380.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile380.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile464.txt > Output/Tests.testfile464.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile464.txt > Output/Tests.testfile464.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile464.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile544.txt > Output/Tests.testfile544.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile544.txt > Output/Tests.testfile544.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile544.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile125.txt > Output/Tests.testfile125.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile125.txt > Output/Tests.testfile125.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile125.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile470.txt > Output/Tests.testfile470.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile470.txt > Output/Tests.testfile470.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile470.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile117.txt > Output/Tests.testfile117.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile117.txt > Output/Tests.testfile117.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile117.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile862.txt > Output/Tests.testfile862.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile862.txt > Output/Tests.testfile862.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile862.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile589.txt > Output/Tests.testfile589.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile589.txt > Output/Tests.testfile589.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile589.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile482.txt > Output/Tests.testfile482.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile482.txt > Output/Tests.testfile482.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile482.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile466.txt > Output/Tests.testfile466.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile466.txt > Output/Tests.testfile466.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile466.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile943.txt > Output/Tests.testfile943.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile943.txt > Output/Tests.testfile943.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile943.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile478.txt > Output/Tests.testfile478.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile478.txt > Output/Tests.testfile478.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile478.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile453.txt > Output/Tests.testfile453.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile453.txt > Output/Tests.testfile453.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile453.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile446.txt > Output/Tests.testfile446.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile446.txt > Output/Tests.testfile446.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile446.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile131.txt > Output/Tests.testfile131.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile131.txt > Output/Tests.testfile131.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile131.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile132.txt > Output/Tests.testfile132.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile132.txt > Output/Tests.testfile132.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile132.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile789.txt > Output/Tests.testfile789.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile789.txt > Output/Tests.testfile789.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile789.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile765.txt > Output/Tests.testfile765.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile765.txt > Output/Tests.testfile765.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile765.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile587.txt > Output/Tests.testfile587.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile587.txt > Output/Tests.testfile587.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile587.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile384.txt > Output/Tests.testfile384.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile384.txt > Output/Tests.testfile384.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile384.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile129.txt > Output/Tests.testfile129.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile129.txt > Output/Tests.testfile129.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile129.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile804.txt > Output/Tests.testfile804.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile804.txt > Output/Tests.testfile804.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile804.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile997.txt > Output/Tests.testfile997.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile997.txt > Output/Tests.testfile997.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile997.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile532.txt > Output/Tests.testfile532.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile532.txt > Output/Tests.testfile532.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile532.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile873.txt > Output/Tests.testfile873.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile873.txt > Output/Tests.testfile873.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile873.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile491.txt > Output/Tests.testfile491.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile491.txt > Output/Tests.testfile491.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile491.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile569.txt > Output/Tests.testfile569.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile569.txt > Output/Tests.testfile569.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile569.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile821.txt > Output/Tests.testfile821.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile821.txt > Output/Tests.testfile821.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile821.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile973.txt > Output/Tests.testfile973.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile973.txt > Output/Tests.testfile973.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile973.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile721.txt > Output/Tests.testfile721.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile721.txt > Output/Tests.testfile721.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile721.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile964.txt > Output/Tests.testfile964.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile964.txt > Output/Tests.testfile964.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile964.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile402.txt > Output/Tests.testfile402.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile402.txt > Output/Tests.testfile402.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile402.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile385.txt > Output/Tests.testfile385.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile385.txt > Output/Tests.testfile385.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile385.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile654.txt > Output/Tests.testfile654.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile654.txt > Output/Tests.testfile654.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile654.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile515.txt > Output/Tests.testfile515.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile515.txt > Output/Tests.testfile515.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile515.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile242.txt > Output/Tests.testfile242.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile242.txt > Output/Tests.testfile242.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile242.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile938.txt > Output/Tests.testfile938.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile938.txt > Output/Tests.testfile938.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile938.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile642.txt > Output/Tests.testfile642.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile642.txt > Output/Tests.testfile642.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile642.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile166.txt > Output/Tests.testfile166.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile166.txt > Output/Tests.testfile166.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile166.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile914.txt > Output/Tests.testfile914.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile914.txt > Output/Tests.testfile914.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile914.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile926.txt > Output/Tests.testfile926.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile926.txt > Output/Tests.testfile926.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile926.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile853.txt > Output/Tests.testfile853.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile853.txt > Output/Tests.testfile853.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile853.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile462.txt > Output/Tests.testfile462.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile462.txt > Output/Tests.testfile462.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile462.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile810.txt > Output/Tests.testfile810.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile810.txt > Output/Tests.testfile810.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile810.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile939.txt > Output/Tests.testfile939.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile939.txt > Output/Tests.testfile939.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile939.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile770.txt > Output/Tests.testfile770.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile770.txt > Output/Tests.testfile770.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile770.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile746.txt > Output/Tests.testfile746.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile746.txt > Output/Tests.testfile746.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile746.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile600.txt > Output/Tests.testfile600.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile600.txt > Output/Tests.testfile600.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile600.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile658.txt > Output/Tests.testfile658.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile658.txt > Output/Tests.testfile658.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile658.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile370.txt > Output/Tests.testfile370.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile370.txt > Output/Tests.testfile370.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile370.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile611.txt > Output/Tests.testfile611.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile611.txt > Output/Tests.testfile611.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile611.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile713.txt > Output/Tests.testfile713.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile713.txt > Output/Tests.testfile713.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile713.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile226.txt > Output/Tests.testfile226.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile226.txt > Output/Tests.testfile226.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile226.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile879.txt > Output/Tests.testfile879.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile879.txt > Output/Tests.testfile879.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile879.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile208.txt > Output/Tests.testfile208.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile208.txt > Output/Tests.testfile208.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile208.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile310.txt > Output/Tests.testfile310.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile310.txt > Output/Tests.testfile310.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile310.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile963.txt > Output/Tests.testfile963.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile963.txt > Output/Tests.testfile963.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile963.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile518.txt > Output/Tests.testfile518.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile518.txt > Output/Tests.testfile518.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile518.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile966.txt > Output/Tests.testfile966.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile966.txt > Output/Tests.testfile966.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile966.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile540.txt > Output/Tests.testfile540.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile540.txt > Output/Tests.testfile540.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile540.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile182.txt > Output/Tests.testfile182.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile182.txt > Output/Tests.testfile182.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile182.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile517.txt > Output/Tests.testfile517.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile517.txt > Output/Tests.testfile517.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile517.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile104.txt > Output/Tests.testfile104.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile104.txt > Output/Tests.testfile104.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile104.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile103.txt > Output/Tests.testfile103.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile103.txt > Output/Tests.testfile103.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile103.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile536.txt > Output/Tests.testfile536.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile536.txt > Output/Tests.testfile536.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile536.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile223.txt > Output/Tests.testfile223.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile223.txt > Output/Tests.testfile223.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile223.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile805.txt > Output/Tests.testfile805.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile805.txt > Output/Tests.testfile805.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile805.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile212.txt > Output/Tests.testfile212.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile212.txt > Output/Tests.testfile212.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile212.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile163.txt > Output/Tests.testfile163.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile163.txt > Output/Tests.testfile163.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile163.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile468.txt > Output/Tests.testfile468.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile468.txt > Output/Tests.testfile468.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile468.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile640.txt > Output/Tests.testfile640.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile640.txt > Output/Tests.testfile640.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile640.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile328.txt > Output/Tests.testfile328.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile328.txt > Output/Tests.testfile328.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile328.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile505.txt > Output/Tests.testfile505.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile505.txt > Output/Tests.testfile505.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile505.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile872.txt > Output/Tests.testfile872.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile872.txt > Output/Tests.testfile872.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile872.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile498.txt > Output/Tests.testfile498.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile498.txt > Output/Tests.testfile498.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile498.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile387.txt > Output/Tests.testfile387.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile387.txt > Output/Tests.testfile387.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile387.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile651.txt > Output/Tests.testfile651.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile651.txt > Output/Tests.testfile651.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile651.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile718.txt > Output/Tests.testfile718.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile718.txt > Output/Tests.testfile718.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile718.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile264.txt > Output/Tests.testfile264.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile264.txt > Output/Tests.testfile264.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile264.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile276.txt > Output/Tests.testfile276.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile276.txt > Output/Tests.testfile276.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile276.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile298.txt > Output/Tests.testfile298.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile298.txt > Output/Tests.testfile298.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile298.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile381.txt > Output/Tests.testfile381.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile381.txt > Output/Tests.testfile381.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile381.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile266.txt > Output/Tests.testfile266.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile266.txt > Output/Tests.testfile266.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile266.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile508.txt > Output/Tests.testfile508.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile508.txt > Output/Tests.testfile508.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile508.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile876.txt > Output/Tests.testfile876.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile876.txt > Output/Tests.testfile876.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile876.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile635.txt > Output/Tests.testfile635.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile635.txt > Output/Tests.testfile635.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile635.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile750.txt > Output/Tests.testfile750.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile750.txt > Output/Tests.testfile750.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile750.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile613.txt > Output/Tests.testfile613.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile613.txt > Output/Tests.testfile613.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile613.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile901.txt > Output/Tests.testfile901.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile901.txt > Output/Tests.testfile901.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile901.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile702.txt > Output/Tests.testfile702.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile702.txt > Output/Tests.testfile702.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile702.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile593.txt > Output/Tests.testfile593.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile593.txt > Output/Tests.testfile593.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile593.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile220.txt > Output/Tests.testfile220.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile220.txt > Output/Tests.testfile220.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile220.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile434.txt > Output/Tests.testfile434.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile434.txt > Output/Tests.testfile434.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile434.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile560.txt > Output/Tests.testfile560.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile560.txt > Output/Tests.testfile560.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile560.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile408.txt > Output/Tests.testfile408.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile408.txt > Output/Tests.testfile408.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile408.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile583.txt > Output/Tests.testfile583.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile583.txt > Output/Tests.testfile583.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile583.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile159.txt > Output/Tests.testfile159.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile159.txt > Output/Tests.testfile159.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile159.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile272.txt > Output/Tests.testfile272.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile272.txt > Output/Tests.testfile272.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile272.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile758.txt > Output/Tests.testfile758.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile758.txt > Output/Tests.testfile758.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile758.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile475.txt > Output/Tests.testfile475.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile475.txt > Output/Tests.testfile475.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile475.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile955.txt > Output/Tests.testfile955.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile955.txt > Output/Tests.testfile955.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile955.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile514.txt > Output/Tests.testfile514.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile514.txt > Output/Tests.testfile514.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile514.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile400.txt > Output/Tests.testfile400.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile400.txt > Output/Tests.testfile400.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile400.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile584.txt > Output/Tests.testfile584.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile584.txt > Output/Tests.testfile584.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile584.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile113.txt > Output/Tests.testfile113.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile113.txt > Output/Tests.testfile113.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile113.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile888.txt > Output/Tests.testfile888.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile888.txt > Output/Tests.testfile888.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile888.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile207.txt > Output/Tests.testfile207.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile207.txt > Output/Tests.testfile207.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile207.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile199.txt > Output/Tests.testfile199.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile199.txt > Output/Tests.testfile199.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile199.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile193.txt > Output/Tests.testfile193.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile193.txt > Output/Tests.testfile193.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile193.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile756.txt > Output/Tests.testfile756.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile756.txt > Output/Tests.testfile756.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile756.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile995.txt > Output/Tests.testfile995.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile995.txt > Output/Tests.testfile995.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile995.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile217.txt > Output/Tests.testfile217.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile217.txt > Output/Tests.testfile217.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile217.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile497.txt > Output/Tests.testfile497.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile497.txt > Output/Tests.testfile497.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile497.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile833.txt > Output/Tests.testfile833.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile833.txt > Output/Tests.testfile833.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile833.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile975.txt > Output/Tests.testfile975.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile975.txt > Output/Tests.testfile975.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile975.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile952.txt > Output/Tests.testfile952.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile952.txt > Output/Tests.testfile952.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile952.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile172.txt > Output/Tests.testfile172.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile172.txt > Output/Tests.testfile172.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile172.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile347.txt > Output/Tests.testfile347.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile347.txt > Output/Tests.testfile347.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile347.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile719.txt > Output/Tests.testfile719.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile719.txt > Output/Tests.testfile719.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile719.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile425.txt > Output/Tests.testfile425.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile425.txt > Output/Tests.testfile425.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile425.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile439.txt > Output/Tests.testfile439.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile439.txt > Output/Tests.testfile439.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile439.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile572.txt > Output/Tests.testfile572.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile572.txt > Output/Tests.testfile572.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile572.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile414.txt > Output/Tests.testfile414.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile414.txt > Output/Tests.testfile414.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile414.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile418.txt > Output/Tests.testfile418.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile418.txt > Output/Tests.testfile418.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile418.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile431.txt > Output/Tests.testfile431.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile431.txt > Output/Tests.testfile431.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile431.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile274.txt > Output/Tests.testfile274.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile274.txt > Output/Tests.testfile274.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile274.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile493.txt > Output/Tests.testfile493.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile493.txt > Output/Tests.testfile493.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile493.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile185.txt > Output/Tests.testfile185.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile185.txt > Output/Tests.testfile185.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile185.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile827.txt > Output/Tests.testfile827.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile827.txt > Output/Tests.testfile827.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile827.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile846.txt > Output/Tests.testfile846.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile846.txt > Output/Tests.testfile846.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile846.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile526.txt > Output/Tests.testfile526.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile526.txt > Output/Tests.testfile526.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile526.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile878.txt > Output/Tests.testfile878.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile878.txt > Output/Tests.testfile878.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile878.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile671.txt > Output/Tests.testfile671.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile671.txt > Output/Tests.testfile671.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile671.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile819.txt > Output/Tests.testfile819.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile819.txt > Output/Tests.testfile819.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile819.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile261.txt > Output/Tests.testfile261.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile261.txt > Output/Tests.testfile261.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile261.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile107.txt > Output/Tests.testfile107.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile107.txt > Output/Tests.testfile107.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile107.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile338.txt > Output/Tests.testfile338.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile338.txt > Output/Tests.testfile338.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile338.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile574.txt > Output/Tests.testfile574.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile574.txt > Output/Tests.testfile574.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile574.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile395.txt > Output/Tests.testfile395.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile395.txt > Output/Tests.testfile395.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile395.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile404.txt > Output/Tests.testfile404.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile404.txt > Output/Tests.testfile404.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile404.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile968.txt > Output/Tests.testfile968.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile968.txt > Output/Tests.testfile968.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile968.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile324.txt > Output/Tests.testfile324.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile324.txt > Output/Tests.testfile324.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile324.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile684.txt > Output/Tests.testfile684.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile684.txt > Output/Tests.testfile684.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile684.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile293.txt > Output/Tests.testfile293.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile293.txt > Output/Tests.testfile293.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile293.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile656.txt > Output/Tests.testfile656.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile656.txt > Output/Tests.testfile656.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile656.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile194.txt > Output/Tests.testfile194.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile194.txt > Output/Tests.testfile194.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile194.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile330.txt > Output/Tests.testfile330.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile330.txt > Output/Tests.testfile330.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile330.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile688.txt > Output/Tests.testfile688.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile688.txt > Output/Tests.testfile688.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile688.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile706.txt > Output/Tests.testfile706.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile706.txt > Output/Tests.testfile706.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile706.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile277.txt > Output/Tests.testfile277.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile277.txt > Output/Tests.testfile277.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile277.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile870.txt > Output/Tests.testfile870.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile870.txt > Output/Tests.testfile870.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile870.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile110.txt > Output/Tests.testfile110.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile110.txt > Output/Tests.testfile110.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile110.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile806.txt > Output/Tests.testfile806.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile806.txt > Output/Tests.testfile806.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile806.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile539.txt > Output/Tests.testfile539.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile539.txt > Output/Tests.testfile539.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile539.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcf..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile362.txt > Output/Tests.testfile362.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile362.txt > Output/Tests.testfile362.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile362.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile155.txt > Output/Tests.testfile155.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile155.txt > Output/Tests.testfile155.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile155.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile545.txt > Output/Tests.testfile545.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile545.txt > Output/Tests.testfile545.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile545.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile722.txt > Output/Tests.testfile722.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile722.txt > Output/Tests.testfile722.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile722.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile268.txt > Output/Tests.testfile268.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile268.txt > Output/Tests.testfile268.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile268.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile670.txt > Output/Tests.testfile670.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile670.txt > Output/Tests.testfile670.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile670.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile157.txt > Output/Tests.testfile157.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile157.txt > Output/Tests.testfile157.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile157.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile367.txt > Output/Tests.testfile367.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile367.txt > Output/Tests.testfile367.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile367.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile615.txt > Output/Tests.testfile615.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile615.txt > Output/Tests.testfile615.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile615.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile437.txt > Output/Tests.testfile437.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile437.txt > Output/Tests.testfile437.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile437.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile557.txt > Output/Tests.testfile557.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile557.txt > Output/Tests.testfile557.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile557.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile123.txt > Output/Tests.testfile123.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile123.txt > Output/Tests.testfile123.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile123.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile215.txt > Output/Tests.testfile215.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile215.txt > Output/Tests.testfile215.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile215.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile979.txt > Output/Tests.testfile979.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile979.txt > Output/Tests.testfile979.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile979.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile239.txt > Output/Tests.testfile239.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile239.txt > Output/Tests.testfile239.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile239.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile761.txt > Output/Tests.testfile761.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile761.txt > Output/Tests.testfile761.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile761.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile421.txt > Output/Tests.testfile421.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile421.txt > Output/Tests.testfile421.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile421.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile824.txt > Output/Tests.testfile824.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile824.txt > Output/Tests.testfile824.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile824.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile173.txt > Output/Tests.testfile173.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile173.txt > Output/Tests.testfile173.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile173.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile701.txt > Output/Tests.testfile701.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile701.txt > Output/Tests.testfile701.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile701.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile313.txt > Output/Tests.testfile313.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile313.txt > Output/Tests.testfile313.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile313.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile880.txt > Output/Tests.testfile880.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile880.txt > Output/Tests.testfile880.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile880.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile192.txt > Output/Tests.testfile192.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile192.txt > Output/Tests.testfile192.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile192.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile170.txt > Output/Tests.testfile170.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile170.txt > Output/Tests.testfile170.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile170.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile391.txt > Output/Tests.testfile391.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile391.txt > Output/Tests.testfile391.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile391.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile728.txt > Output/Tests.testfile728.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile728.txt > Output/Tests.testfile728.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile728.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile825.txt > Output/Tests.testfile825.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile825.txt > Output/Tests.testfile825.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile825.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile428.txt > Output/Tests.testfile428.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile428.txt > Output/Tests.testfile428.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile428.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile554.txt > Output/Tests.testfile554.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile554.txt > Output/Tests.testfile554.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile554.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile588.txt > Output/Tests.testfile588.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile588.txt > Output/Tests.testfile588.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile588.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile358.txt > Output/Tests.testfile358.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile358.txt > Output/Tests.testfile358.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile358.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile299.txt > Output/Tests.testfile299.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile299.txt > Output/Tests.testfile299.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile299.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile797.txt > Output/Tests.testfile797.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile797.txt > Output/Tests.testfile797.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile797.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile379.txt > Output/Tests.testfile379.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile379.txt > Output/Tests.testfile379.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile379.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile907.txt > Output/Tests.testfile907.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile907.txt > Output/Tests.testfile907.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile907.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile747.txt > Output/Tests.testfile747.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile747.txt > Output/Tests.testfile747.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile747.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile211.txt > Output/Tests.testfile211.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile211.txt > Output/Tests.testfile211.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile211.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile716.txt > Output/Tests.testfile716.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile716.txt > Output/Tests.testfile716.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile716.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile435.txt > Output/Tests.testfile435.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile435.txt > Output/Tests.testfile435.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile435.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile480.txt > Output/Tests.testfile480.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile480.txt > Output/Tests.testfile480.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile480.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile209.txt > Output/Tests.testfile209.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile209.txt > Output/Tests.testfile209.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile209.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile332.txt > Output/Tests.testfile332.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile332.txt > Output/Tests.testfile332.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile332.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile917.txt > Output/Tests.testfile917.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile917.txt > Output/Tests.testfile917.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile917.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile636.txt > Output/Tests.testfile636.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile636.txt > Output/Tests.testfile636.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile636.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile256.txt > Output/Tests.testfile256.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile256.txt > Output/Tests.testfile256.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile256.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile281.txt > Output/Tests.testfile281.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile281.txt > Output/Tests.testfile281.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile281.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile451.txt > Output/Tests.testfile451.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile451.txt > Output/Tests.testfile451.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile451.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile919.txt > Output/Tests.testfile919.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile919.txt > Output/Tests.testfile919.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile919.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile922.txt > Output/Tests.testfile922.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile922.txt > Output/Tests.testfile922.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile922.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile659.txt > Output/Tests.testfile659.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile659.txt > Output/Tests.testfile659.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile659.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile465.txt > Output/Tests.testfile465.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile465.txt > Output/Tests.testfile465.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile465.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile977.txt > Output/Tests.testfile977.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile977.txt > Output/Tests.testfile977.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile977.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile838.txt > Output/Tests.testfile838.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile838.txt > Output/Tests.testfile838.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile838.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile204.txt > Output/Tests.testfile204.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile204.txt > Output/Tests.testfile204.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile204.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile511.txt > Output/Tests.testfile511.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile511.txt > Output/Tests.testfile511.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile511.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile703.txt > Output/Tests.testfile703.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile703.txt > Output/Tests.testfile703.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile703.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile667.txt > Output/Tests.testfile667.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile667.txt > Output/Tests.testfile667.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile667.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile581.txt > Output/Tests.testfile581.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile581.txt > Output/Tests.testfile581.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile581.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile775.txt > Output/Tests.testfile775.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile775.txt > Output/Tests.testfile775.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile775.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile216.txt > Output/Tests.testfile216.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile216.txt > Output/Tests.testfile216.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile216.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile815.txt > Output/Tests.testfile815.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile815.txt > Output/Tests.testfile815.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile815.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile323.txt > Output/Tests.testfile323.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile323.txt > Output/Tests.testfile323.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile323.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile553.txt > Output/Tests.testfile553.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile553.txt > Output/Tests.testfile553.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile553.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile178.txt > Output/Tests.testfile178.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile178.txt > Output/Tests.testfile178.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile178.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile993.txt > Output/Tests.testfile993.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile993.txt > Output/Tests.testfile993.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile993.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile471.txt > Output/Tests.testfile471.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile471.txt > Output/Tests.testfile471.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile471.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile889.txt > Output/Tests.testfile889.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile889.txt > Output/Tests.testfile889.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile889.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile458.txt > Output/Tests.testfile458.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile458.txt > Output/Tests.testfile458.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile458.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile549.txt > Output/Tests.testfile549.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile549.txt > Output/Tests.testfile549.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile549.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile863.txt > Output/Tests.testfile863.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile863.txt > Output/Tests.testfile863.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile863.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile950.txt > Output/Tests.testfile950.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile950.txt > Output/Tests.testfile950.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile950.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile894.txt > Output/Tests.testfile894.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile894.txt > Output/Tests.testfile894.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile894.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile262.txt > Output/Tests.testfile262.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile262.txt > Output/Tests.testfile262.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile262.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile738.txt > Output/Tests.testfile738.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile738.txt > Output/Tests.testfile738.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile738.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile780.txt > Output/Tests.testfile780.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile780.txt > Output/Tests.testfile780.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile780.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile562.txt > Output/Tests.testfile562.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile562.txt > Output/Tests.testfile562.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile562.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile585.txt > Output/Tests.testfile585.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile585.txt > Output/Tests.testfile585.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile585.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile473.txt > Output/Tests.testfile473.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile473.txt > Output/Tests.testfile473.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile473.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile502.txt > Output/Tests.testfile502.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile502.txt > Output/Tests.testfile502.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile502.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile953.txt > Output/Tests.testfile953.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile953.txt > Output/Tests.testfile953.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile953.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile958.txt > Output/Tests.testfile958.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile958.txt > Output/Tests.testfile958.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile958.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile542.txt > Output/Tests.testfile542.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile542.txt > Output/Tests.testfile542.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile542.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile535.txt > Output/Tests.testfile535.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile535.txt > Output/Tests.testfile535.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile535.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile743.txt > Output/Tests.testfile743.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile743.txt > Output/Tests.testfile743.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile743.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile625.txt > Output/Tests.testfile625.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile625.txt > Output/Tests.testfile625.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile625.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile430.txt > Output/Tests.testfile430.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile430.txt > Output/Tests.testfile430.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile430.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile790.txt > Output/Tests.testfile790.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile790.txt > Output/Tests.testfile790.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile790.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile411.txt > Output/Tests.testfile411.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile411.txt > Output/Tests.testfile411.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile411.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile407.txt > Output/Tests.testfile407.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile407.txt > Output/Tests.testfile407.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile407.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile119.txt > Output/Tests.testfile119.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile119.txt > Output/Tests.testfile119.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile119.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile877.txt > Output/Tests.testfile877.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile877.txt > Output/Tests.testfile877.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile877.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile342.txt > Output/Tests.testfile342.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile342.txt > Output/Tests.testfile342.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile342.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile563.txt > Output/Tests.testfile563.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile563.txt > Output/Tests.testfile563.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile563.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile495.txt > Output/Tests.testfile495.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile495.txt > Output/Tests.testfile495.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile495.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile809.txt > Output/Tests.testfile809.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile809.txt > Output/Tests.testfile809.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile809.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile779.txt > Output/Tests.testfile779.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile779.txt > Output/Tests.testfile779.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile779.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile344.txt > Output/Tests.testfile344.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile344.txt > Output/Tests.testfile344.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile344.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile415.txt > Output/Tests.testfile415.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile415.txt > Output/Tests.testfile415.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile415.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile691.txt > Output/Tests.testfile691.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile691.txt > Output/Tests.testfile691.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile691.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile724.txt > Output/Tests.testfile724.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile724.txt > Output/Tests.testfile724.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile724.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile905.txt > Output/Tests.testfile905.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile905.txt > Output/Tests.testfile905.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile905.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile189.txt > Output/Tests.testfile189.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile189.txt > Output/Tests.testfile189.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile189.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile826.txt > Output/Tests.testfile826.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile826.txt > Output/Tests.testfile826.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile826.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile736.txt > Output/Tests.testfile736.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile736.txt > Output/Tests.testfile736.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile736.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile467.txt > Output/Tests.testfile467.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile467.txt > Output/Tests.testfile467.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile467.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile694.txt > Output/Tests.testfile694.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile694.txt > Output/Tests.testfile694.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile694.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile692.txt > Output/Tests.testfile692.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile692.txt > Output/Tests.testfile692.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile692.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile228.txt > Output/Tests.testfile228.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile228.txt > Output/Tests.testfile228.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile228.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile352.txt > Output/Tests.testfile352.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile352.txt > Output/Tests.testfile352.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile352.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile510.txt > Output/Tests.testfile510.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile510.txt > Output/Tests.testfile510.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile510.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile783.txt > Output/Tests.testfile783.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile783.txt > Output/Tests.testfile783.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile783.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile918.txt > Output/Tests.testfile918.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile918.txt > Output/Tests.testfile918.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile918.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile309.txt > Output/Tests.testfile309.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile309.txt > Output/Tests.testfile309.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile309.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile924.txt > Output/Tests.testfile924.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile924.txt > Output/Tests.testfile924.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile924.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile690.txt > Output/Tests.testfile690.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile690.txt > Output/Tests.testfile690.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile690.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile295.txt > Output/Tests.testfile295.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile295.txt > Output/Tests.testfile295.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile295.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile516.txt > Output/Tests.testfile516.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile516.txt > Output/Tests.testfile516.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile516.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile801.txt > Output/Tests.testfile801.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile801.txt > Output/Tests.testfile801.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile801.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile742.txt > Output/Tests.testfile742.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile742.txt > Output/Tests.testfile742.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile742.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile530.txt > Output/Tests.testfile530.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile530.txt > Output/Tests.testfile530.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile530.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile940.txt > Output/Tests.testfile940.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile940.txt > Output/Tests.testfile940.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile940.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile290.txt > Output/Tests.testfile290.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile290.txt > Output/Tests.testfile290.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile290.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile778.txt > Output/Tests.testfile778.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile778.txt > Output/Tests.testfile778.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile778.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile440.txt > Output/Tests.testfile440.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile440.txt > Output/Tests.testfile440.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile440.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile829.txt > Output/Tests.testfile829.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile829.txt > Output/Tests.testfile829.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile829.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile582.txt > Output/Tests.testfile582.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile582.txt > Output/Tests.testfile582.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile582.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile101.txt > Output/Tests.testfile101.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile101.txt > Output/Tests.testfile101.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile101.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile556.txt > Output/Tests.testfile556.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile556.txt > Output/Tests.testfile556.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile556.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile633.txt > Output/Tests.testfile633.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile633.txt > Output/Tests.testfile633.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile633.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile857.txt > Output/Tests.testfile857.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile857.txt > Output/Tests.testfile857.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile857.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile735.txt > Output/Tests.testfile735.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile735.txt > Output/Tests.testfile735.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile735.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile390.txt > Output/Tests.testfile390.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile390.txt > Output/Tests.testfile390.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile390.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile717.txt > Output/Tests.testfile717.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile717.txt > Output/Tests.testfile717.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile717.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile294.txt > Output/Tests.testfile294.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile294.txt > Output/Tests.testfile294.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile294.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile488.txt > Output/Tests.testfile488.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile488.txt > Output/Tests.testfile488.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile488.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile951.txt > Output/Tests.testfile951.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile951.txt > Output/Tests.testfile951.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile951.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile798.txt > Output/Tests.testfile798.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile798.txt > Output/Tests.testfile798.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile798.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile714.txt > Output/Tests.testfile714.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile714.txt > Output/Tests.testfile714.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile714.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile796.txt > Output/Tests.testfile796.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile796.txt > Output/Tests.testfile796.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile796.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile890.txt > Output/Tests.testfile890.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile890.txt > Output/Tests.testfile890.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile890.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile196.txt > Output/Tests.testfile196.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile196.txt > Output/Tests.testfile196.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile196.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile551.txt > Output/Tests.testfile551.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile551.txt > Output/Tests.testfile551.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile551.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile639.txt > Output/Tests.testfile639.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile639.txt > Output/Tests.testfile639.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile639.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile559.txt > Output/Tests.testfile559.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile559.txt > Output/Tests.testfile559.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile559.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile610.txt > Output/Tests.testfile610.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile610.txt > Output/Tests.testfile610.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile610.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile598.txt > Output/Tests.testfile598.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile598.txt > Output/Tests.testfile598.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile598.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile729.txt > Output/Tests.testfile729.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile729.txt > Output/Tests.testfile729.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile729.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile850.txt > Output/Tests.testfile850.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile850.txt > Output/Tests.testfile850.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile850.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile372.txt > Output/Tests.testfile372.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile372.txt > Output/Tests.testfile372.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile372.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile378.txt > Output/Tests.testfile378.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile378.txt > Output/Tests.testfile378.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile378.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile781.txt > Output/Tests.testfile781.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile781.txt > Output/Tests.testfile781.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile781.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile645.txt > Output/Tests.testfile645.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile645.txt > Output/Tests.testfile645.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile645.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile867.txt > Output/Tests.testfile867.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile867.txt > Output/Tests.testfile867.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile867.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile565.txt > Output/Tests.testfile565.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile565.txt > Output/Tests.testfile565.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile565.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile258.txt > Output/Tests.testfile258.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile258.txt > Output/Tests.testfile258.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile258.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile700.txt > Output/Tests.testfile700.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile700.txt > Output/Tests.testfile700.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile700.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile145.txt > Output/Tests.testfile145.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile145.txt > Output/Tests.testfile145.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile145.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile859.txt > Output/Tests.testfile859.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile859.txt > Output/Tests.testfile859.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile859.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile382.txt > Output/Tests.testfile382.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile382.txt > Output/Tests.testfile382.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile382.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile925.txt > Output/Tests.testfile925.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile925.txt > Output/Tests.testfile925.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile925.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile802.txt > Output/Tests.testfile802.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile802.txt > Output/Tests.testfile802.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile802.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile608.txt > Output/Tests.testfile608.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile608.txt > Output/Tests.testfile608.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile608.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile210.txt > Output/Tests.testfile210.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile210.txt > Output/Tests.testfile210.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile210.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile644.txt > Output/Tests.testfile644.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile644.txt > Output/Tests.testfile644.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile644.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile214.txt > Output/Tests.testfile214.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile214.txt > Output/Tests.testfile214.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile214.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile254.txt > Output/Tests.testfile254.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile254.txt > Output/Tests.testfile254.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile254.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile564.txt > Output/Tests.testfile564.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile564.txt > Output/Tests.testfile564.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile564.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile683.txt > Output/Tests.testfile683.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile683.txt > Output/Tests.testfile683.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile683.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile607.txt > Output/Tests.testfile607.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile607.txt > Output/Tests.testfile607.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile607.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile308.txt > Output/Tests.testfile308.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile308.txt > Output/Tests.testfile308.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile308.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile960.txt > Output/Tests.testfile960.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile960.txt > Output/Tests.testfile960.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile960.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile137.txt > Output/Tests.testfile137.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile137.txt > Output/Tests.testfile137.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile137.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile213.txt > Output/Tests.testfile213.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile213.txt > Output/Tests.testfile213.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile213.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile616.txt > Output/Tests.testfile616.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile616.txt > Output/Tests.testfile616.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile616.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile285.txt > Output/Tests.testfile285.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile285.txt > Output/Tests.testfile285.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile285.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile115.txt > Output/Tests.testfile115.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile115.txt > Output/Tests.testfile115.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile115.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile203.txt > Output/Tests.testfile203.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile203.txt > Output/Tests.testfile203.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile203.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile528.txt > Output/Tests.testfile528.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile528.txt > Output/Tests.testfile528.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile528.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile175.txt > Output/Tests.testfile175.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile175.txt > Output/Tests.testfile175.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile175.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile575.txt > Output/Tests.testfile575.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile575.txt > Output/Tests.testfile575.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile575.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile162.txt > Output/Tests.testfile162.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile162.txt > Output/Tests.testfile162.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile162.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile697.txt > Output/Tests.testfile697.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile697.txt > Output/Tests.testfile697.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile697.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile377.txt > Output/Tests.testfile377.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile377.txt > Output/Tests.testfile377.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile377.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile147.txt > Output/Tests.testfile147.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile147.txt > Output/Tests.testfile147.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile147.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile677.txt > Output/Tests.testfile677.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile677.txt > Output/Tests.testfile677.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile677.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile865.txt > Output/Tests.testfile865.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile865.txt > Output/Tests.testfile865.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile865.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile301.txt > Output/Tests.testfile301.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile301.txt > Output/Tests.testfile301.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile301.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile631.txt > Output/Tests.testfile631.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile631.txt > Output/Tests.testfile631.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile631.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile552.txt > Output/Tests.testfile552.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile552.txt > Output/Tests.testfile552.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile552.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile492.txt > Output/Tests.testfile492.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile492.txt > Output/Tests.testfile492.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile492.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile334.txt > Output/Tests.testfile334.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile334.txt > Output/Tests.testfile334.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile334.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile665.txt > Output/Tests.testfile665.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile665.txt > Output/Tests.testfile665.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile665.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile689.txt > Output/Tests.testfile689.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile689.txt > Output/Tests.testfile689.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile689.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile734.txt > Output/Tests.testfile734.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile734.txt > Output/Tests.testfile734.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile734.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile322.txt > Output/Tests.testfile322.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile322.txt > Output/Tests.testfile322.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile322.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile111.txt > Output/Tests.testfile111.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile111.txt > Output/Tests.testfile111.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile111.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile858.txt > Output/Tests.testfile858.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile858.txt > Output/Tests.testfile858.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile858.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile852.txt > Output/Tests.testfile852.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile852.txt > Output/Tests.testfile852.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile852.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile954.txt > Output/Tests.testfile954.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile954.txt > Output/Tests.testfile954.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile954.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile512.txt > Output/Tests.testfile512.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile512.txt > Output/Tests.testfile512.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile512.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile748.txt > Output/Tests.testfile748.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile748.txt > Output/Tests.testfile748.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile748.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile160.txt > Output/Tests.testfile160.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile160.txt > Output/Tests.testfile160.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile160.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile278.txt > Output/Tests.testfile278.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile278.txt > Output/Tests.testfile278.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile278.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile586.txt > Output/Tests.testfile586.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile586.txt > Output/Tests.testfile586.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile586.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile676.txt > Output/Tests.testfile676.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile676.txt > Output/Tests.testfile676.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile676.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile555.txt > Output/Tests.testfile555.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile555.txt > Output/Tests.testfile555.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile555.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile776.txt > Output/Tests.testfile776.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile776.txt > Output/Tests.testfile776.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile776.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile720.txt > Output/Tests.testfile720.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile720.txt > Output/Tests.testfile720.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile720.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile561.txt > Output/Tests.testfile561.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile561.txt > Output/Tests.testfile561.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile561.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile506.txt > Output/Tests.testfile506.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile506.txt > Output/Tests.testfile506.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile506.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile255.txt > Output/Tests.testfile255.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile255.txt > Output/Tests.testfile255.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile255.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile874.txt > Output/Tests.testfile874.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile874.txt > Output/Tests.testfile874.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile874.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile118.txt > Output/Tests.testfile118.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile118.txt > Output/Tests.testfile118.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile118.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile558.txt > Output/Tests.testfile558.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile558.txt > Output/Tests.testfile558.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile558.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile483.txt > Output/Tests.testfile483.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile483.txt > Output/Tests.testfile483.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile483.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile373.txt > Output/Tests.testfile373.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile373.txt > Output/Tests.testfile373.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile373.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile621.txt > Output/Tests.testfile621.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile621.txt > Output/Tests.testfile621.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile621.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile158.txt > Output/Tests.testfile158.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile158.txt > Output/Tests.testfile158.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile158.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile305.txt > Output/Tests.testfile305.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile305.txt > Output/Tests.testfile305.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile305.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile763.txt > Output/Tests.testfile763.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile763.txt > Output/Tests.testfile763.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile763.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile120.txt > Output/Tests.testfile120.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile120.txt > Output/Tests.testfile120.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile120.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile906.txt > Output/Tests.testfile906.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile906.txt > Output/Tests.testfile906.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile906.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile991.txt > Output/Tests.testfile991.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile991.txt > Output/Tests.testfile991.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile991.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile994.txt > Output/Tests.testfile994.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile994.txt > Output/Tests.testfile994.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile994.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile788.txt > Output/Tests.testfile788.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile788.txt > Output/Tests.testfile788.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile788.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile106.txt > Output/Tests.testfile106.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile106.txt > Output/Tests.testfile106.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile106.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile647.txt > Output/Tests.testfile647.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile647.txt > Output/Tests.testfile647.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile647.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile915.txt > Output/Tests.testfile915.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile915.txt > Output/Tests.testfile915.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile915.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile715.txt > Output/Tests.testfile715.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile715.txt > Output/Tests.testfile715.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile715.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile519.txt > Output/Tests.testfile519.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile519.txt > Output/Tests.testfile519.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile519.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile246.txt > Output/Tests.testfile246.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile246.txt > Output/Tests.testfile246.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile246.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile236.txt > Output/Tests.testfile236.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile236.txt > Output/Tests.testfile236.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile236.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile376.txt > Output/Tests.testfile376.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile376.txt > Output/Tests.testfile376.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile376.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile592.txt > Output/Tests.testfile592.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile592.txt > Output/Tests.testfile592.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile592.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile485.txt > Output/Tests.testfile485.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile485.txt > Output/Tests.testfile485.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile485.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile831.txt > Output/Tests.testfile831.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile831.txt > Output/Tests.testfile831.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile831.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile481.txt > Output/Tests.testfile481.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile481.txt > Output/Tests.testfile481.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile481.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile774.txt > Output/Tests.testfile774.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile774.txt > Output/Tests.testfile774.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile774.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile121.txt > Output/Tests.testfile121.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile121.txt > Output/Tests.testfile121.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile121.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile619.txt > Output/Tests.testfile619.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile619.txt > Output/Tests.testfile619.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile619.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile100.txt > Output/Tests.testfile100.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile100.txt > Output/Tests.testfile100.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile100.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile787.txt > Output/Tests.testfile787.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile787.txt > Output/Tests.testfile787.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile787.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile912.txt > Output/Tests.testfile912.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile912.txt > Output/Tests.testfile912.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile912.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile460.txt > Output/Tests.testfile460.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile460.txt > Output/Tests.testfile460.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile460.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile247.txt > Output/Tests.testfile247.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile247.txt > Output/Tests.testfile247.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile247.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile937.txt > Output/Tests.testfile937.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile937.txt > Output/Tests.testfile937.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile937.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile191.txt > Output/Tests.testfile191.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile191.txt > Output/Tests.testfile191.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile191.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile704.txt > Output/Tests.testfile704.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile704.txt > Output/Tests.testfile704.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile704.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile570.txt > Output/Tests.testfile570.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile570.txt > Output/Tests.testfile570.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile570.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile459.txt > Output/Tests.testfile459.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile459.txt > Output/Tests.testfile459.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile459.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile287.txt > Output/Tests.testfile287.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile287.txt > Output/Tests.testfile287.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile287.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile386.txt > Output/Tests.testfile386.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile386.txt > Output/Tests.testfile386.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile386.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile834.txt > Output/Tests.testfile834.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile834.txt > Output/Tests.testfile834.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile834.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile840.txt > Output/Tests.testfile840.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile840.txt > Output/Tests.testfile840.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile840.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile238.txt > Output/Tests.testfile238.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile238.txt > Output/Tests.testfile238.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile238.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile474.txt > Output/Tests.testfile474.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile474.txt > Output/Tests.testfile474.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile474.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile898.txt > Output/Tests.testfile898.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile898.txt > Output/Tests.testfile898.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile898.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile409.txt > Output/Tests.testfile409.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile409.txt > Output/Tests.testfile409.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile409.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile726.txt > Output/Tests.testfile726.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile726.txt > Output/Tests.testfile726.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile726.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile663.txt > Output/Tests.testfile663.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile663.txt > Output/Tests.testfile663.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile663.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile948.txt > Output/Tests.testfile948.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile948.txt > Output/Tests.testfile948.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile948.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile869.txt > Output/Tests.testfile869.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile869.txt > Output/Tests.testfile869.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile869.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile803.txt > Output/Tests.testfile803.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile803.txt > Output/Tests.testfile803.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile803.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile271.txt > Output/Tests.testfile271.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile271.txt > Output/Tests.testfile271.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile271.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile339.txt > Output/Tests.testfile339.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile339.txt > Output/Tests.testfile339.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile339.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile638.txt > Output/Tests.testfile638.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile638.txt > Output/Tests.testfile638.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile638.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile219.txt > Output/Tests.testfile219.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile219.txt > Output/Tests.testfile219.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile219.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile527.txt > Output/Tests.testfile527.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile527.txt > Output/Tests.testfile527.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile527.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile887.txt > Output/Tests.testfile887.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile887.txt > Output/Tests.testfile887.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile887.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile291.txt > Output/Tests.testfile291.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile291.txt > Output/Tests.testfile291.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile291.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile469.txt > Output/Tests.testfile469.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile469.txt > Output/Tests.testfile469.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile469.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile444.txt > Output/Tests.testfile444.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile444.txt > Output/Tests.testfile444.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile444.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile823.txt > Output/Tests.testfile823.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile823.txt > Output/Tests.testfile823.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile823.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile791.txt > Output/Tests.testfile791.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile791.txt > Output/Tests.testfile791.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile791.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile623.txt > Output/Tests.testfile623.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile623.txt > Output/Tests.testfile623.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile623.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile346.txt > Output/Tests.testfile346.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile346.txt > Output/Tests.testfile346.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile346.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile455.txt > Output/Tests.testfile455.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile455.txt > Output/Tests.testfile455.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile455.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile423.txt > Output/Tests.testfile423.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile423.txt > Output/Tests.testfile423.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile423.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile808.txt > Output/Tests.testfile808.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile808.txt > Output/Tests.testfile808.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile808.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile318.txt > Output/Tests.testfile318.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile318.txt > Output/Tests.testfile318.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile318.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile988.txt > Output/Tests.testfile988.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile988.txt > Output/Tests.testfile988.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile988.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile652.txt > Output/Tests.testfile652.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile652.txt > Output/Tests.testfile652.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile652.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile331.txt > Output/Tests.testfile331.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile331.txt > Output/Tests.testfile331.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile331.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile186.txt > Output/Tests.testfile186.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile186.txt > Output/Tests.testfile186.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile186.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile181.txt > Output/Tests.testfile181.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile181.txt > Output/Tests.testfile181.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile181.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile990.txt > Output/Tests.testfile990.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile990.txt > Output/Tests.testfile990.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile990.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile134.txt > Output/Tests.testfile134.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile134.txt > Output/Tests.testfile134.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile134.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile899.txt > Output/Tests.testfile899.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile899.txt > Output/Tests.testfile899.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile899.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile733.txt > Output/Tests.testfile733.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile733.txt > Output/Tests.testfile733.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile733.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile225.txt > Output/Tests.testfile225.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile225.txt > Output/Tests.testfile225.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile225.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile757.txt > Output/Tests.testfile757.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile757.txt > Output/Tests.testfile757.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile757.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile329.txt > Output/Tests.testfile329.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile329.txt > Output/Tests.testfile329.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile329.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile768.txt > Output/Tests.testfile768.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile768.txt > Output/Tests.testfile768.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile768.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile843.txt > Output/Tests.testfile843.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile843.txt > Output/Tests.testfile843.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile843.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile142.txt > Output/Tests.testfile142.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile142.txt > Output/Tests.testfile142.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile142.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile319.txt > Output/Tests.testfile319.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile319.txt > Output/Tests.testfile319.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile319.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile259.txt > Output/Tests.testfile259.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile259.txt > Output/Tests.testfile259.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile259.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile836.txt > Output/Tests.testfile836.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile836.txt > Output/Tests.testfile836.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile836.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile649.txt > Output/Tests.testfile649.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile649.txt > Output/Tests.testfile649.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile649.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile218.txt > Output/Tests.testfile218.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile218.txt > Output/Tests.testfile218.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile218.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile463.txt > Output/Tests.testfile463.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile463.txt > Output/Tests.testfile463.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile463.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile366.txt > Output/Tests.testfile366.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile366.txt > Output/Tests.testfile366.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile366.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile620.txt > Output/Tests.testfile620.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile620.txt > Output/Tests.testfile620.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile620.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile333.txt > Output/Tests.testfile333.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile333.txt > Output/Tests.testfile333.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile333.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile851.txt > Output/Tests.testfile851.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile851.txt > Output/Tests.testfile851.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile851.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile903.txt > Output/Tests.testfile903.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile903.txt > Output/Tests.testfile903.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile903.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile546.txt > Output/Tests.testfile546.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile546.txt > Output/Tests.testfile546.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile546.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile112.txt > Output/Tests.testfile112.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile112.txt > Output/Tests.testfile112.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile112.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile487.txt > Output/Tests.testfile487.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile487.txt > Output/Tests.testfile487.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile487.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile398.txt > Output/Tests.testfile398.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile398.txt > Output/Tests.testfile398.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile398.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile856.txt > Output/Tests.testfile856.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile856.txt > Output/Tests.testfile856.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile856.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile693.txt > Output/Tests.testfile693.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile693.txt > Output/Tests.testfile693.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile693.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile357.txt > Output/Tests.testfile357.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile357.txt > Output/Tests.testfile357.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile357.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile875.txt > Output/Tests.testfile875.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile875.txt > Output/Tests.testfile875.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile875.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile982.txt > Output/Tests.testfile982.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile982.txt > Output/Tests.testfile982.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile982.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile673.txt > Output/Tests.testfile673.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile673.txt > Output/Tests.testfile673.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile673.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile946.txt > Output/Tests.testfile946.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile946.txt > Output/Tests.testfile946.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile946.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile786.txt > Output/Tests.testfile786.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile786.txt > Output/Tests.testfile786.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile786.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile707.txt > Output/Tests.testfile707.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile707.txt > Output/Tests.testfile707.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile707.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile233.txt > Output/Tests.testfile233.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile233.txt > Output/Tests.testfile233.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile233.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile661.txt > Output/Tests.testfile661.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile661.txt > Output/Tests.testfile661.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile661.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile609.txt > Output/Tests.testfile609.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile609.txt > Output/Tests.testfile609.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile609.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile243.txt > Output/Tests.testfile243.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile243.txt > Output/Tests.testfile243.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile243.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile909.txt > Output/Tests.testfile909.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile909.txt > Output/Tests.testfile909.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile909.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile200.txt > Output/Tests.testfile200.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile200.txt > Output/Tests.testfile200.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile200.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile312.txt > Output/Tests.testfile312.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile312.txt > Output/Tests.testfile312.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile312.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile135.txt > Output/Tests.testfile135.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile135.txt > Output/Tests.testfile135.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile135.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile634.txt > Output/Tests.testfile634.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile634.txt > Output/Tests.testfile634.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile634.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile845.txt > Output/Tests.testfile845.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile845.txt > Output/Tests.testfile845.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile845.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile612.txt > Output/Tests.testfile612.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile612.txt > Output/Tests.testfile612.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile612.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile499.txt > Output/Tests.testfile499.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile499.txt > Output/Tests.testfile499.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile499.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile828.txt > Output/Tests.testfile828.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile828.txt > Output/Tests.testfile828.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile828.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile934.txt > Output/Tests.testfile934.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile934.txt > Output/Tests.testfile934.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile934.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile814.txt > Output/Tests.testfile814.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile814.txt > Output/Tests.testfile814.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile814.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile422.txt > Output/Tests.testfile422.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile422.txt > Output/Tests.testfile422.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile422.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile606.txt > Output/Tests.testfile606.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile606.txt > Output/Tests.testfile606.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile606.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile893.txt > Output/Tests.testfile893.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile893.txt > Output/Tests.testfile893.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile893.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile279.txt > Output/Tests.testfile279.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile279.txt > Output/Tests.testfile279.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile279.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile632.txt > Output/Tests.testfile632.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile632.txt > Output/Tests.testfile632.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile632.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile900.txt > Output/Tests.testfile900.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile900.txt > Output/Tests.testfile900.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile900.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile861.txt > Output/Tests.testfile861.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile861.txt > Output/Tests.testfile861.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile861.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile202.txt > Output/Tests.testfile202.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile202.txt > Output/Tests.testfile202.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile202.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile222.txt > Output/Tests.testfile222.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile222.txt > Output/Tests.testfile222.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile222.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile687.txt > Output/Tests.testfile687.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile687.txt > Output/Tests.testfile687.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile687.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile944.txt > Output/Tests.testfile944.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile944.txt > Output/Tests.testfile944.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile944.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile653.txt > Output/Tests.testfile653.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile653.txt > Output/Tests.testfile653.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile653.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile327.txt > Output/Tests.testfile327.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile327.txt > Output/Tests.testfile327.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile327.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile241.txt > Output/Tests.testfile241.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile241.txt > Output/Tests.testfile241.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile241.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile429.txt > Output/Tests.testfile429.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile429.txt > Output/Tests.testfile429.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile429.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile392.txt > Output/Tests.testfile392.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile392.txt > Output/Tests.testfile392.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile392.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile927.txt > Output/Tests.testfile927.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile927.txt > Output/Tests.testfile927.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile927.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile419.txt > Output/Tests.testfile419.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile419.txt > Output/Tests.testfile419.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile419.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile354.txt > Output/Tests.testfile354.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile354.txt > Output/Tests.testfile354.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile354.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile197.txt > Output/Tests.testfile197.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile197.txt > Output/Tests.testfile197.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile197.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile897.txt > Output/Tests.testfile897.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile897.txt > Output/Tests.testfile897.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile897.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile932.txt > Output/Tests.testfile932.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile932.txt > Output/Tests.testfile932.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile932.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile643.txt > Output/Tests.testfile643.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile643.txt > Output/Tests.testfile643.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile643.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile911.txt > Output/Tests.testfile911.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile911.txt > Output/Tests.testfile911.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile911.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile179.txt > Output/Tests.testfile179.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile179.txt > Output/Tests.testfile179.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile179.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile371.txt > Output/Tests.testfile371.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile371.txt > Output/Tests.testfile371.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile371.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile941.txt > Output/Tests.testfile941.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile941.txt > Output/Tests.testfile941.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile941.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile895.txt > Output/Tests.testfile895.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile895.txt > Output/Tests.testfile895.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile895.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile976.txt > Output/Tests.testfile976.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile976.txt > Output/Tests.testfile976.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile976.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile936.txt > Output/Tests.testfile936.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile936.txt > Output/Tests.testfile936.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile936.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile996.txt > Output/Tests.testfile996.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile996.txt > Output/Tests.testfile996.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile996.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile792.txt > Output/Tests.testfile792.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile792.txt > Output/Tests.testfile792.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile792.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile325.txt > Output/Tests.testfile325.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile325.txt > Output/Tests.testfile325.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile325.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile772.txt > Output/Tests.testfile772.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile772.txt > Output/Tests.testfile772.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile772.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile577.txt > Output/Tests.testfile577.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile577.txt > Output/Tests.testfile577.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile577.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile432.txt > Output/Tests.testfile432.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile432.txt > Output/Tests.testfile432.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile432.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile522.txt > Output/Tests.testfile522.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile522.txt > Output/Tests.testfile522.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile522.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile443.txt > Output/Tests.testfile443.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile443.txt > Output/Tests.testfile443.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile443.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile167.txt > Output/Tests.testfile167.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile167.txt > Output/Tests.testfile167.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile167.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile448.txt > Output/Tests.testfile448.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile448.txt > Output/Tests.testfile448.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile448.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile375.txt > Output/Tests.testfile375.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile375.txt > Output/Tests.testfile375.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile375.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile523.txt > Output/Tests.testfile523.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile523.txt > Output/Tests.testfile523.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile523.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile981.txt > Output/Tests.testfile981.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile981.txt > Output/Tests.testfile981.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile981.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile837.txt > Output/Tests.testfile837.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile837.txt > Output/Tests.testfile837.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile837.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile595.txt > Output/Tests.testfile595.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile595.txt > Output/Tests.testfile595.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile595.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile441.txt > Output/Tests.testfile441.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile441.txt > Output/Tests.testfile441.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile441.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile712.txt > Output/Tests.testfile712.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile712.txt > Output/Tests.testfile712.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile712.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile205.txt > Output/Tests.testfile205.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile205.txt > Output/Tests.testfile205.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile205.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile417.txt > Output/Tests.testfile417.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile417.txt > Output/Tests.testfile417.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile417.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile534.txt > Output/Tests.testfile534.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile534.txt > Output/Tests.testfile534.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile534.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile930.txt > Output/Tests.testfile930.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile930.txt > Output/Tests.testfile930.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile930.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile504.txt > Output/Tests.testfile504.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile504.txt > Output/Tests.testfile504.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile504.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile965.txt > Output/Tests.testfile965.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile965.txt > Output/Tests.testfile965.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile965.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile956.txt > Output/Tests.testfile956.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile956.txt > Output/Tests.testfile956.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile956.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile885.txt > Output/Tests.testfile885.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile885.txt > Output/Tests.testfile885.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile885.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile426.txt > Output/Tests.testfile426.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile426.txt > Output/Tests.testfile426.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile426.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile168.txt > Output/Tests.testfile168.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile168.txt > Output/Tests.testfile168.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile168.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile116.txt > Output/Tests.testfile116.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile116.txt > Output/Tests.testfile116.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile116.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile297.txt > Output/Tests.testfile297.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile297.txt > Output/Tests.testfile297.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile297.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile920.txt > Output/Tests.testfile920.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile920.txt > Output/Tests.testfile920.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile920.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile998.txt > Output/Tests.testfile998.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile998.txt > Output/Tests.testfile998.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile998.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile267.txt > Output/Tests.testfile267.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile267.txt > Output/Tests.testfile267.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile267.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile436.txt > Output/Tests.testfile436.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile436.txt > Output/Tests.testfile436.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile436.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile438.txt > Output/Tests.testfile438.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile438.txt > Output/Tests.testfile438.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile438.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile730.txt > Output/Tests.testfile730.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile730.txt > Output/Tests.testfile730.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile730.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile164.txt > Output/Tests.testfile164.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile164.txt > Output/Tests.testfile164.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile164.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile698.txt > Output/Tests.testfile698.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile698.txt > Output/Tests.testfile698.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile698.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile230.txt > Output/Tests.testfile230.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile230.txt > Output/Tests.testfile230.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile230.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile752.txt > Output/Tests.testfile752.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile752.txt > Output/Tests.testfile752.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile752.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile725.txt > Output/Tests.testfile725.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile725.txt > Output/Tests.testfile725.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile725.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile696.txt > Output/Tests.testfile696.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile696.txt > Output/Tests.testfile696.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile696.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile133.txt > Output/Tests.testfile133.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile133.txt > Output/Tests.testfile133.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile133.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile816.txt > Output/Tests.testfile816.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile816.txt > Output/Tests.testfile816.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile816.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile108.txt > Output/Tests.testfile108.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile108.txt > Output/Tests.testfile108.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile108.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile860.txt > Output/Tests.testfile860.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile860.txt > Output/Tests.testfile860.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile860.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjf..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile655.txt > Output/Tests.testfile655.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile655.txt > Output/Tests.testfile655.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile655.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile740.txt > Output/Tests.testfile740.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile740.txt > Output/Tests.testfile740.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile740.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile751.txt > Output/Tests.testfile751.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile751.txt > Output/Tests.testfile751.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile751.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile476.txt > Output/Tests.testfile476.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile476.txt > Output/Tests.testfile476.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile476.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile314.txt > Output/Tests.testfile314.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile314.txt > Output/Tests.testfile314.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile314.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile174.txt > Output/Tests.testfile174.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile174.txt > Output/Tests.testfile174.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile174.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile624.txt > Output/Tests.testfile624.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile624.txt > Output/Tests.testfile624.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile624.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile548.txt > Output/Tests.testfile548.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile548.txt > Output/Tests.testfile548.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile548.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile126.txt > Output/Tests.testfile126.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile126.txt > Output/Tests.testfile126.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile126.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile253.txt > Output/Tests.testfile253.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile253.txt > Output/Tests.testfile253.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile253.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile525.txt > Output/Tests.testfile525.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile525.txt > Output/Tests.testfile525.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile525.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile807.txt > Output/Tests.testfile807.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile807.txt > Output/Tests.testfile807.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile807.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile999.txt > Output/Tests.testfile999.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile999.txt > Output/Tests.testfile999.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile999.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile229.txt > Output/Tests.testfile229.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile229.txt > Output/Tests.testfile229.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile229.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile811.txt > Output/Tests.testfile811.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile811.txt > Output/Tests.testfile811.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile811.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile681.txt > Output/Tests.testfile681.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile681.txt > Output/Tests.testfile681.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile681.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile741.txt > Output/Tests.testfile741.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile741.txt > Output/Tests.testfile741.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile741.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile848.txt > Output/Tests.testfile848.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile848.txt > Output/Tests.testfile848.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile848.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile812.txt > Output/Tests.testfile812.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile812.txt > Output/Tests.testfile812.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile812.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile967.txt > Output/Tests.testfile967.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile967.txt > Output/Tests.testfile967.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile967.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile822.txt > Output/Tests.testfile822.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile822.txt > Output/Tests.testfile822.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile822.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile708.txt > Output/Tests.testfile708.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile708.txt > Output/Tests.testfile708.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile708.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile413.txt > Output/Tests.testfile413.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile413.txt > Output/Tests.testfile413.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile413.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile180.txt > Output/Tests.testfile180.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile180.txt > Output/Tests.testfile180.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile180.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile341.txt > Output/Tests.testfile341.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile341.txt > Output/Tests.testfile341.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile341.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile830.txt > Output/Tests.testfile830.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile830.txt > Output/Tests.testfile830.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile830.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile739.txt > Output/Tests.testfile739.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile739.txt > Output/Tests.testfile739.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile739.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile580.txt > Output/Tests.testfile580.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 1 ./FCFS Tests/testfile580.txt > Output/Tests.testfile580.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile580.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile187.txt > Output/Tests.testfile187.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile187.txt > Output/Tests.testfile187.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile187.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile405.txt > Output/Tests.testfile405.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile405.txt > Output/Tests.testfile405.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile405.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile521.txt > Output/Tests.testfile521.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile521.txt > Output/Tests.testfile521.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile521.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile356.txt > Output/Tests.testfile356.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile356.txt > Output/Tests.testfile356.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile356.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile933.txt > Output/Tests.testfile933.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile933.txt > Output/Tests.testfile933.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile933.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile657.txt > Output/Tests.testfile657.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile657.txt > Output/Tests.testfile657.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile363.txt > Output/Tests.testfile363.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile363.txt > Output/Tests.testfile363.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile363.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile156.txt > Output/Tests.testfile156.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile156.txt > Output/Tests.testfile156.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile156.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile149.txt > Output/Tests.testfile149.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile149.txt > Output/Tests.testfile149.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile149.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile628.txt > Output/Tests.testfile628.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile628.txt > Output/Tests.testfile628.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile628.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile795.txt > Output/Tests.testfile795.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile795.txt > Output/Tests.testfile795.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile795.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile461.txt > Output/Tests.testfile461.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile461.txt > Output/Tests.testfile461.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile461.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile450.txt > Output/Tests.testfile450.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile450.txt > Output/Tests.testfile450.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile450.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile152.txt > Output/Tests.testfile152.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile152.txt > Output/Tests.testfile152.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile152.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile248.txt > Output/Tests.testfile248.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile248.txt > Output/Tests.testfile248.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile248.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile250.txt > Output/Tests.testfile250.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile250.txt > Output/Tests.testfile250.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile250.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile383.txt > Output/Tests.testfile383.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile383.txt > Output/Tests.testfile383.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile383.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile124.txt > Output/Tests.testfile124.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile124.txt > Output/Tests.testfile124.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile124.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile669.txt > Output/Tests.testfile669.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile669.txt > Output/Tests.testfile669.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile669.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile961.txt > Output/Tests.testfile961.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile961.txt > Output/Tests.testfile961.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile961.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile412.txt > Output/Tests.testfile412.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile412.txt > Output/Tests.testfile412.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile412.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile992.txt > Output/Tests.testfile992.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile992.txt > Output/Tests.testfile992.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile992.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile648.txt > Output/Tests.testfile648.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile648.txt > Output/Tests.testfile648.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile648.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile269.txt > Output/Tests.testfile269.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile269.txt > Output/Tests.testfile269.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile269.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile232.txt > Output/Tests.testfile232.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile232.txt > Output/Tests.testfile232.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile232.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile601.txt > Output/Tests.testfile601.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile601.txt > Output/Tests.testfile601.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile601.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile959.txt > Output/Tests.testfile959.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile959.txt > Output/Tests.testfile959.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile959.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile260.txt > Output/Tests.testfile260.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile260.txt > Output/Tests.testfile260.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile260.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile699.txt > Output/Tests.testfile699.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile699.txt > Output/Tests.testfile699.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile699.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile169.txt > Output/Tests.testfile169.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile169.txt > Output/Tests.testfile169.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile169.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile171.txt > Output/Tests.testfile171.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile171.txt > Output/Tests.testfile171.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile171.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile972.txt > Output/Tests.testfile972.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile972.txt > Output/Tests.testfile972.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile972.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile866.txt > Output/Tests.testfile866.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile866.txt > Output/Tests.testfile866.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile866.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile146.txt > Output/Tests.testfile146.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile146.txt > Output/Tests.testfile146.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile146.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile983.txt > Output/Tests.testfile983.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile983.txt > Output/Tests.testfile983.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile983.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile985.txt > Output/Tests.testfile985.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile985.txt > Output/Tests.testfile985.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile985.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile868.txt > Output/Tests.testfile868.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile868.txt > Output/Tests.testfile868.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile868.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile847.txt > Output/Tests.testfile847.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile847.txt > Output/Tests.testfile847.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile847.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile403.txt > Output/Tests.testfile403.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile403.txt > Output/Tests.testfile403.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile403.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile188.txt > Output/Tests.testfile188.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile188.txt > Output/Tests.testfile188.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile188.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile348.txt > Output/Tests.testfile348.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile348.txt > Output/Tests.testfile348.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile348.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile928.txt > Output/Tests.testfile928.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile928.txt > Output/Tests.testfile928.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile928.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile442.txt > Output/Tests.testfile442.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile442.txt > Output/Tests.testfile442.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile161.txt > Output/Tests.testfile161.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile161.txt > Output/Tests.testfile161.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile161.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile183.txt > Output/Tests.testfile183.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile183.txt > Output/Tests.testfile183.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile183.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile679.txt > Output/Tests.testfile679.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile679.txt > Output/Tests.testfile679.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile679.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile393.txt > Output/Tests.testfile393.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile393.txt > Output/Tests.testfile393.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile393.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile282.txt > Output/Tests.testfile282.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile282.txt > Output/Tests.testfile282.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile282.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile102.txt > Output/Tests.testfile102.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile102.txt > Output/Tests.testfile102.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile102.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile340.txt > Output/Tests.testfile340.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile340.txt > Output/Tests.testfile340.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile340.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile820.txt > Output/Tests.testfile820.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile820.txt > Output/Tests.testfile820.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile820.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile224.txt > Output/Tests.testfile224.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile224.txt > Output/Tests.testfile224.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile224.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile987.txt > Output/Tests.testfile987.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile987.txt > Output/Tests.testfile987.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile987.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile666.txt > Output/Tests.testfile666.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile666.txt > Output/Tests.testfile666.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile666.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile500.txt > Output/Tests.testfile500.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile500.txt > Output/Tests.testfile500.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile500.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile320.txt > Output/Tests.testfile320.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile320.txt > Output/Tests.testfile320.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile320.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile388.txt > Output/Tests.testfile388.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile388.txt > Output/Tests.testfile388.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile388.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile731.txt > Output/Tests.testfile731.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile731.txt > Output/Tests.testfile731.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile731.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile257.txt > Output/Tests.testfile257.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile257.txt > Output/Tests.testfile257.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile257.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile270.txt > Output/Tests.testfile270.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile270.txt > Output/Tests.testfile270.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile270.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile902.txt > Output/Tests.testfile902.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile902.txt > Output/Tests.testfile902.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile902.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile984.txt > Output/Tests.testfile984.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile984.txt > Output/Tests.testfile984.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile984.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile841.txt > Output/Tests.testfile841.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile841.txt > Output/Tests.testfile841.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile841.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile369.txt > Output/Tests.testfile369.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile369.txt > Output/Tests.testfile369.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile369.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile760.txt > Output/Tests.testfile760.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile760.txt > Output/Tests.testfile760.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile760.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile513.txt > Output/Tests.testfile513.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile513.txt > Output/Tests.testfile513.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile908.txt > Output/Tests.testfile908.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile908.txt > Output/Tests.testfile908.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile908.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile590.txt > Output/Tests.testfile590.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile590.txt > Output/Tests.testfile590.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile590.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile773.txt > Output/Tests.testfile773.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile773.txt > Output/Tests.testfile773.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile303.txt > Output/Tests.testfile303.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile303.txt > Output/Tests.testfile303.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile303.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile771.txt > Output/Tests.testfile771.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile771.txt > Output/Tests.testfile771.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile771.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile364.txt > Output/Tests.testfile364.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile364.txt > Output/Tests.testfile364.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile364.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile321.txt > Output/Tests.testfile321.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile321.txt > Output/Tests.testfile321.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile321.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile337.txt > Output/Tests.testfile337.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile337.txt > Output/Tests.testfile337.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile337.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile884.txt > Output/Tests.testfile884.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile884.txt > Output/Tests.testfile884.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile884.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile749.txt > Output/Tests.testfile749.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile749.txt > Output/Tests.testfile749.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile749.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile433.txt > Output/Tests.testfile433.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile433.txt > Output/Tests.testfile433.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile433.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile732.txt > Output/Tests.testfile732.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile732.txt > Output/Tests.testfile732.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile732.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile245.txt > Output/Tests.testfile245.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile245.txt > Output/Tests.testfile245.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile245.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile231.txt > Output/Tests.testfile231.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile231.txt > Output/Tests.testfile231.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile231.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile136.txt > Output/Tests.testfile136.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile136.txt > Output/Tests.testfile136.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile136.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile326.txt > Output/Tests.testfile326.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile326.txt > Output/Tests.testfile326.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile326.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile947.txt > Output/Tests.testfile947.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile947.txt > Output/Tests.testfile947.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile947.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile576.txt > Output/Tests.testfile576.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile576.txt > Output/Tests.testfile576.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile576.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile154.txt > Output/Tests.testfile154.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile154.txt > Output/Tests.testfile154.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile154.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile507.txt > Output/Tests.testfile507.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile507.txt > Output/Tests.testfile507.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile507.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile109.txt > Output/Tests.testfile109.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile109.txt > Output/Tests.testfile109.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile109.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile567.txt > Output/Tests.testfile567.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile567.txt > Output/Tests.testfile567.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile567.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile767.txt > Output/Tests.testfile767.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile767.txt > Output/Tests.testfile767.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile767.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile650.txt > Output/Tests.testfile650.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile650.txt > Output/Tests.testfile650.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile650.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile568.txt > Output/Tests.testfile568.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile568.txt > Output/Tests.testfile568.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile568.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile913.txt > Output/Tests.testfile913.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile913.txt > Output/Tests.testfile913.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile913.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile596.txt > Output/Tests.testfile596.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile596.txt > Output/Tests.testfile596.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile596.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile447.txt > Output/Tests.testfile447.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile447.txt > Output/Tests.testfile447.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile447.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile143.txt > Output/Tests.testfile143.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile143.txt > Output/Tests.testfile143.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile143.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile641.txt > Output/Tests.testfile641.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile641.txt > Output/Tests.testfile641.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile641.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile494.txt > Output/Tests.testfile494.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile494.txt > Output/Tests.testfile494.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile494.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile646.txt > Output/Tests.testfile646.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile646.txt > Output/Tests.testfile646.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile646.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile263.txt > Output/Tests.testfile263.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile263.txt > Output/Tests.testfile263.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile263.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile151.txt > Output/Tests.testfile151.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile151.txt > Output/Tests.testfile151.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile151.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile524.txt > Output/Tests.testfile524.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile524.txt > Output/Tests.testfile524.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile524.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile350.txt > Output/Tests.testfile350.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile350.txt > Output/Tests.testfile350.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile350.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile762.txt > Output/Tests.testfile762.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile762.txt > Output/Tests.testfile762.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile762.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile949.txt > Output/Tests.testfile949.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile949.txt > Output/Tests.testfile949.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile949.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile970.txt > Output/Tests.testfile970.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile970.txt > Output/Tests.testfile970.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile970.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile835.txt > Output/Tests.testfile835.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile835.txt > Output/Tests.testfile835.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile835.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile501.txt > Output/Tests.testfile501.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile501.txt > Output/Tests.testfile501.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile501.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile849.txt > Output/Tests.testfile849.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile849.txt > Output/Tests.testfile849.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile849.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile957.txt > Output/Tests.testfile957.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile957.txt > Output/Tests.testfile957.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile904.txt > Output/Tests.testfile904.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile904.txt > Output/Tests.testfile904.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile904.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile410.txt > Output/Tests.testfile410.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile410.txt > Output/Tests.testfile410.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile410.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile579.txt > Output/Tests.testfile579.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile579.txt > Output/Tests.testfile579.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile579.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile817.txt > Output/Tests.testfile817.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile817.txt > Output/Tests.testfile817.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile817.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile479.txt > Output/Tests.testfile479.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile479.txt > Output/Tests.testfile479.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile479.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile538.txt > Output/Tests.testfile538.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile538.txt > Output/Tests.testfile538.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile538.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile769.txt > Output/Tests.testfile769.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile769.txt > Output/Tests.testfile769.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile769.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile753.txt > Output/Tests.testfile753.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile753.txt > Output/Tests.testfile753.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile753.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile288.txt > Output/Tests.testfile288.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile288.txt > Output/Tests.testfile288.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile288.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile602.txt > Output/Tests.testfile602.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile602.txt > Output/Tests.testfile602.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile602.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile359.txt > Output/Tests.testfile359.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile359.txt > Output/Tests.testfile359.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile359.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile896.txt > Output/Tests.testfile896.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile896.txt > Output/Tests.testfile896.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile896.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile931.txt > Output/Tests.testfile931.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile931.txt > Output/Tests.testfile931.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile931.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile705.txt > Output/Tests.testfile705.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile705.txt > Output/Tests.testfile705.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile705.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile349.txt > Output/Tests.testfile349.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile349.txt > Output/Tests.testfile349.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile349.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile105.txt > Output/Tests.testfile105.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile105.txt > Output/Tests.testfile105.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile105.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile311.txt > Output/Tests.testfile311.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile311.txt > Output/Tests.testfile311.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile311.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile457.txt > Output/Tests.testfile457.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile457.txt > Output/Tests.testfile457.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile457.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile969.txt > Output/Tests.testfile969.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile969.txt > Output/Tests.testfile969.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile969.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile923.txt > Output/Tests.testfile923.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile923.txt > Output/Tests.testfile923.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile923.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile680.txt > Output/Tests.testfile680.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile680.txt > Output/Tests.testfile680.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile680.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile283.txt > Output/Tests.testfile283.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile283.txt > Output/Tests.testfile283.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile283.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile389.txt > Output/Tests.testfile389.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile389.txt > Output/Tests.testfile389.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile389.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile361.txt > Output/Tests.testfile361.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile361.txt > Output/Tests.testfile361.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile361.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile449.txt > Output/Tests.testfile449.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile449.txt > Output/Tests.testfile449.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile449.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile594.txt > Output/Tests.testfile594.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile594.txt > Output/Tests.testfile594.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile594.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile240.txt > Output/Tests.testfile240.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile240.txt > Output/Tests.testfile240.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile240.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile832.txt > Output/Tests.testfile832.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile832.txt > Output/Tests.testfile832.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile832.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile617.txt > Output/Tests.testfile617.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile617.txt > Output/Tests.testfile617.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile617.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile201.txt > Output/Tests.testfile201.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile201.txt > Output/Tests.testfile201.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile201.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile547.txt > Output/Tests.testfile547.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile547.txt > Output/Tests.testfile547.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile547.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile794.txt > Output/Tests.testfile794.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile794.txt > Output/Tests.testfile794.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile794.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile573.txt > Output/Tests.testfile573.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile573.txt > Output/Tests.testfile573.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile573.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile630.txt > Output/Tests.testfile630.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile630.txt > Output/Tests.testfile630.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile630.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile603.txt > Output/Tests.testfile603.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile603.txt > Output/Tests.testfile603.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile603.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile886.txt > Output/Tests.testfile886.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile886.txt > Output/Tests.testfile886.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile886.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile130.txt > Output/Tests.testfile130.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile130.txt > Output/Tests.testfile130.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile130.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile942.txt > Output/Tests.testfile942.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile942.txt > Output/Tests.testfile942.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile942.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile675.txt > Output/Tests.testfile675.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile675.txt > Output/Tests.testfile675.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile675.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile351.txt > Output/Tests.testfile351.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile351.txt > Output/Tests.testfile351.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile351.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile195.txt > Output/Tests.testfile195.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile195.txt > Output/Tests.testfile195.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile195.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile374.txt > Output/Tests.testfile374.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile374.txt > Output/Tests.testfile374.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile374.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile360.txt > Output/Tests.testfile360.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile360.txt > Output/Tests.testfile360.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile360.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile176.txt > Output/Tests.testfile176.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile176.txt > Output/Tests.testfile176.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile176.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile368.txt > Output/Tests.testfile368.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile368.txt > Output/Tests.testfile368.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile368.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile445.txt > Output/Tests.testfile445.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile445.txt > Output/Tests.testfile445.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile445.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile591.txt > Output/Tests.testfile591.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile591.txt > Output/Tests.testfile591.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile591.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile709.txt > Output/Tests.testfile709.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile709.txt > Output/Tests.testfile709.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile709.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile695.txt > Output/Tests.testfile695.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile695.txt > Output/Tests.testfile695.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile695.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile921.txt > Output/Tests.testfile921.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile921.txt > Output/Tests.testfile921.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile921.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile184.txt > Output/Tests.testfile184.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile184.txt > Output/Tests.testfile184.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile184.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile153.txt > Output/Tests.testfile153.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile153.txt > Output/Tests.testfile153.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile153.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile317.txt > Output/Tests.testfile317.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile317.txt > Output/Tests.testfile317.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile317.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile755.txt > Output/Tests.testfile755.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile755.txt > Output/Tests.testfile755.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile755.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile114.txt > Output/Tests.testfile114.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile114.txt > Output/Tests.testfile114.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile114.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile355.txt > Output/Tests.testfile355.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile355.txt > Output/Tests.testfile355.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile456.txt > Output/Tests.testfile456.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile456.txt > Output/Tests.testfile456.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile456.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile678.txt > Output/Tests.testfile678.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile678.txt > Output/Tests.testfile678.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile678.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile864.txt > Output/Tests.testfile864.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile864.txt > Output/Tests.testfile864.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile864.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile353.txt > Output/Tests.testfile353.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile353.txt > Output/Tests.testfile353.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile353.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile420.txt > Output/Tests.testfile420.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile420.txt > Output/Tests.testfile420.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile420.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile543.txt > Output/Tests.testfile543.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile543.txt > Output/Tests.testfile543.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile543.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile855.txt > Output/Tests.testfile855.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile855.txt > Output/Tests.testfile855.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile855.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile550.txt > Output/Tests.testfile550.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile550.txt > Output/Tests.testfile550.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile974.txt > Output/Tests.testfile974.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile974.txt > Output/Tests.testfile974.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile974.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile777.txt > Output/Tests.testfile777.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile777.txt > Output/Tests.testfile777.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile777.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile454.txt > Output/Tests.testfile454.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile454.txt > Output/Tests.testfile454.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile454.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile785.txt > Output/Tests.testfile785.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile785.txt > Output/Tests.testfile785.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile785.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile140.txt > Output/Tests.testfile140.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile140.txt > Output/Tests.testfile140.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile140.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile871.txt > Output/Tests.testfile871.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile871.txt > Output/Tests.testfile871.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile871.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile496.txt > Output/Tests.testfile496.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile496.txt > Output/Tests.testfile496.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile496.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile139.txt > Output/Tests.testfile139.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile139.txt > Output/Tests.testfile139.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile139.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile637.txt > Output/Tests.testfile637.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile637.txt > Output/Tests.testfile637.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile637.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile737.txt > Output/Tests.testfile737.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile737.txt > Output/Tests.testfile737.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile737.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile235.txt > Output/Tests.testfile235.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile235.txt > Output/Tests.testfile235.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile235.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile674.txt > Output/Tests.testfile674.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile674.txt > Output/Tests.testfile674.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile674.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile686.txt > Output/Tests.testfile686.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile686.txt > Output/Tests.testfile686.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile686.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile962.txt > Output/Tests.testfile962.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile962.txt > Output/Tests.testfile962.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile962.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile533.txt > Output/Tests.testfile533.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile533.txt > Output/Tests.testfile533.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile533.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile138.txt > Output/Tests.testfile138.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile138.txt > Output/Tests.testfile138.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile138.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile452.txt > Output/Tests.testfile452.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile452.txt > Output/Tests.testfile452.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile452.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile935.txt > Output/Tests.testfile935.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile935.txt > Output/Tests.testfile935.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile935.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile685.txt > Output/Tests.testfile685.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile685.txt > Output/Tests.testfile685.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile685.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile800.txt > Output/Tests.testfile800.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile800.txt > Output/Tests.testfile800.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile800.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile842.txt > Output/Tests.testfile842.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile842.txt > Output/Tests.testfile842.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile842.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile629.txt > Output/Tests.testfile629.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile629.txt > Output/Tests.testfile629.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile629.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile910.txt > Output/Tests.testfile910.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile910.txt > Output/Tests.testfile910.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile910.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile520.txt > Output/Tests.testfile520.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile520.txt > Output/Tests.testfile520.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile520.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile622.txt > Output/Tests.testfile622.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile622.txt > Output/Tests.testfile622.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile622.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile144.txt > Output/Tests.testfile144.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile144.txt > Output/Tests.testfile144.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile144.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile486.txt > Output/Tests.testfile486.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile486.txt > Output/Tests.testfile486.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile486.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile365.txt > Output/Tests.testfile365.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile365.txt > Output/Tests.testfile365.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile365.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile416.txt > Output/Tests.testfile416.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile416.txt > Output/Tests.testfile416.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile416.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile971.txt > Output/Tests.testfile971.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile971.txt > Output/Tests.testfile971.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile971.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile289.txt > Output/Tests.testfile289.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile289.txt > Output/Tests.testfile289.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile289.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile818.txt > Output/Tests.testfile818.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile818.txt > Output/Tests.testfile818.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile818.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile766.txt > Output/Tests.testfile766.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile766.txt > Output/Tests.testfile766.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile766.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile336.txt > Output/Tests.testfile336.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile336.txt > Output/Tests.testfile336.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile336.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile929.txt > Output/Tests.testfile929.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile929.txt > Output/Tests.testfile929.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile929.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile614.txt > Output/Tests.testfile614.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile614.txt > Output/Tests.testfile614.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile614.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile148.txt > Output/Tests.testfile148.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile148.txt > Output/Tests.testfile148.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile148.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile916.txt > Output/Tests.testfile916.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile916.txt > Output/Tests.testfile916.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile165.txt > Output/Tests.testfile165.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile165.txt > Output/Tests.testfile165.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile165.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile394.txt > Output/Tests.testfile394.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile394.txt > Output/Tests.testfile394.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile394.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile198.txt > Output/Tests.testfile198.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile198.txt > Output/Tests.testfile198.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile198.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile401.txt > Output/Tests.testfile401.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile401.txt > Output/Tests.testfile401.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile401.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile711.txt > Output/Tests.testfile711.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile711.txt > Output/Tests.testfile711.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile711.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile529.txt > Output/Tests.testfile529.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile529.txt > Output/Tests.testfile529.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile529.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile662.txt > Output/Tests.testfile662.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile662.txt > Output/Tests.testfile662.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile662.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile599.txt > Output/Tests.testfile599.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile599.txt > Output/Tests.testfile599.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile599.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile141.txt > Output/Tests.testfile141.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile141.txt > Output/Tests.testfile141.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile141.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile727.txt > Output/Tests.testfile727.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile727.txt > Output/Tests.testfile727.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile304.txt > Output/Tests.testfile304.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile304.txt > Output/Tests.testfile304.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile304.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile399.txt > Output/Tests.testfile399.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile399.txt > Output/Tests.testfile399.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile399.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile275.txt > Output/Tests.testfile275.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile275.txt > Output/Tests.testfile275.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile275.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile882.txt > Output/Tests.testfile882.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile882.txt > Output/Tests.testfile882.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile844.txt > Output/Tests.testfile844.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile844.txt > Output/Tests.testfile844.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile844.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile664.txt > Output/Tests.testfile664.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile664.txt > Output/Tests.testfile664.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile664.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile509.txt > Output/Tests.testfile509.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile509.txt > Output/Tests.testfile509.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile509.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile627.txt > Output/Tests.testfile627.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile627.txt > Output/Tests.testfile627.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile627.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile854.txt > Output/Tests.testfile854.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile854.txt > Output/Tests.testfile854.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile854.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile883.txt > Output/Tests.testfile883.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile883.txt > Output/Tests.testfile883.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile249.txt > Output/Tests.testfile249.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile249.txt > Output/Tests.testfile249.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile249.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile672.txt > Output/Tests.testfile672.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile672.txt > Output/Tests.testfile672.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile672.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile316.txt > Output/Tests.testfile316.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile316.txt > Output/Tests.testfile316.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile316.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile280.txt > Output/Tests.testfile280.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile280.txt > Output/Tests.testfile280.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile280.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile980.txt > Output/Tests.testfile980.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile980.txt > Output/Tests.testfile980.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile980.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile989.txt > Output/Tests.testfile989.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile989.txt > Output/Tests.testfile989.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile989.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile252.txt > Output/Tests.testfile252.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile252.txt > Output/Tests.testfile252.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile252.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile986.txt > Output/Tests.testfile986.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile986.txt > Output/Tests.testfile986.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile396.txt > Output/Tests.testfile396.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile396.txt > Output/Tests.testfile396.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile396.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile300.txt > Output/Tests.testfile300.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile300.txt > Output/Tests.testfile300.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile300.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile891.txt > Output/Tests.testfile891.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile891.txt > Output/Tests.testfile891.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile891.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile477.txt > Output/Tests.testfile477.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile477.txt > Output/Tests.testfile477.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile477.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile578.txt > Output/Tests.testfile578.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile578.txt > Output/Tests.testfile578.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile578.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile150.txt > Output/Tests.testfile150.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile150.txt > Output/Tests.testfile150.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile150.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile660.txt > Output/Tests.testfile660.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile660.txt > Output/Tests.testfile660.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile660.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile315.txt > Output/Tests.testfile315.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile315.txt > Output/Tests.testfile315.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile315.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile626.txt > Output/Tests.testfile626.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile626.txt > Output/Tests.testfile626.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile626.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile397.txt > Output/Tests.testfile397.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile397.txt > Output/Tests.testfile397.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile397.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile234.txt > Output/Tests.testfile234.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile234.txt > Output/Tests.testfile234.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile234.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile489.txt > Output/Tests.testfile489.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile489.txt > Output/Tests.testfile489.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile489.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile345.txt > Output/Tests.testfile345.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile345.txt > Output/Tests.testfile345.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile571.txt > Output/Tests.testfile571.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile571.txt > Output/Tests.testfile571.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile682.txt > Output/Tests.testfile682.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile682.txt > Output/Tests.testfile682.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile682.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile127.txt > Output/Tests.testfile127.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile127.txt > Output/Tests.testfile127.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile127.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile745.txt > Output/Tests.testfile745.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile745.txt > Output/Tests.testfile745.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile745.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile206.txt > Output/Tests.testfile206.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile206.txt > Output/Tests.testfile206.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile206.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile604.txt > Output/Tests.testfile604.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile604.txt > Output/Tests.testfile604.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile604.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile881.txt > Output/Tests.testfile881.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile881.txt > Output/Tests.testfile881.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile881.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile292.txt > Output/Tests.testfile292.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile292.txt > Output/Tests.testfile292.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile292.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile892.txt > Output/Tests.testfile892.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile892.txt > Output/Tests.testfile892.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile839.txt > Output/Tests.testfile839.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile839.txt > Output/Tests.testfile839.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile839.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile296.txt > Output/Tests.testfile296.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile296.txt > Output/Tests.testfile296.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile296.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile618.txt > Output/Tests.testfile618.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile618.txt > Output/Tests.testfile618.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile618.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile307.txt > Output/Tests.testfile307.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile307.txt > Output/Tests.testfile307.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile307.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile754.txt > Output/Tests.testfile754.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile754.txt > Output/Tests.testfile754.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile754.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile284.txt > Output/Tests.testfile284.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile284.txt > Output/Tests.testfile284.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile284.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile759.txt > Output/Tests.testfile759.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile759.txt > Output/Tests.testfile759.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile759.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile484.txt > Output/Tests.testfile484.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile484.txt > Output/Tests.testfile484.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile484.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile273.txt > Output/Tests.testfile273.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile273.txt > Output/Tests.testfile273.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile273.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile221.txt > Output/Tests.testfile221.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile221.txt > Output/Tests.testfile221.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile221.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile177.txt > Output/Tests.testfile177.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile177.txt > Output/Tests.testfile177.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile177.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile531.txt > Output/Tests.testfile531.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile531.txt > Output/Tests.testfile531.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile531.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile793.txt > Output/Tests.testfile793.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile793.txt > Output/Tests.testfile793.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile793.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile122.txt > Output/Tests.testfile122.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile122.txt > Output/Tests.testfile122.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile122.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile490.txt > Output/Tests.testfile490.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile490.txt > Output/Tests.testfile490.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile490.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile744.txt > Output/Tests.testfile744.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile744.txt > Output/Tests.testfile744.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile744.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile306.txt > Output/Tests.testfile306.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile306.txt > Output/Tests.testfile306.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile306.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile945.txt > Output/Tests.testfile945.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile945.txt > Output/Tests.testfile945.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile945.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile227.txt > Output/Tests.testfile227.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile227.txt > Output/Tests.testfile227.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile227.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile813.txt > Output/Tests.testfile813.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile813.txt > Output/Tests.testfile813.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile813.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile541.txt > Output/Tests.testfile541.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile541.txt > Output/Tests.testfile541.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile541.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile537.txt > Output/Tests.testfile537.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile537.txt > Output/Tests.testfile537.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile537.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile244.txt > Output/Tests.testfile244.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile244.txt > Output/Tests.testfile244.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile244.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile764.txt > Output/Tests.testfile764.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile764.txt > Output/Tests.testfile764.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile764.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile784.txt > Output/Tests.testfile784.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile784.txt > Output/Tests.testfile784.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile784.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile237.txt > Output/Tests.testfile237.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile237.txt > Output/Tests.testfile237.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile237.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile566.txt > Output/Tests.testfile566.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile566.txt > Output/Tests.testfile566.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile566.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile190.txt > Output/Tests.testfile190.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile190.txt > Output/Tests.testfile190.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile190.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile978.txt > Output/Tests.testfile978.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile978.txt > Output/Tests.testfile978.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile978.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile605.txt > Output/Tests.testfile605.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile605.txt > Output/Tests.testfile605.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile605.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfs..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile343.txt > Output/Tests.testfile343.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile343.txt > Output/Tests.testfile343.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile343.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile251.txt > Output/Tests.testfile251.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile251.txt > Output/Tests.testfile251.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile251.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile472.txt > Output/Tests.testfile472.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile472.txt > Output/Tests.testfile472.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile472.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile427.txt > Output/Tests.testfile427.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile427.txt > Output/Tests.testfile427.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile427.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile265.txt > Output/Tests.testfile265.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile265.txt > Output/Tests.testfile265.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile265.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile286.txt > Output/Tests.testfile286.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile286.txt > Output/Tests.testfile286.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile286.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile302.txt > Output/Tests.testfile302.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile302.txt > Output/Tests.testfile302.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile302.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile782.txt > Output/Tests.testfile782.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile782.txt > Output/Tests.testfile782.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile782.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile335.txt > Output/Tests.testfile335.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile335.txt > Output/Tests.testfile335.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile335.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile710.txt > Output/Tests.testfile710.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile710.txt > Output/Tests.testfile710.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile710.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile424.txt > Output/Tests.testfile424.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile424.txt > Output/Tests.testfile424.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile424.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile128.txt > Output/Tests.testfile128.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile128.txt > Output/Tests.testfile128.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile128.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile597.txt > Output/Tests.testfile597.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile597.txt > Output/Tests.testfile597.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile597.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile723.txt > Output/Tests.testfile723.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile723.txt > Output/Tests.testfile723.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile723.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile799.txt > Output/Tests.testfile799.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile799.txt > Output/Tests.testfile799.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile799.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile503.txt > Output/Tests.testfile503.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile503.txt > Output/Tests.testfile503.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile503.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile668.txt > Output/Tests.testfile668.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile668.txt > Output/Tests.testfile668.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile668.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile406.txt > Output/Tests.testfile406.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile406.txt > Output/Tests.testfile406.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile406.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile380.txt > Output/Tests.testfile380.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile380.txt > Output/Tests.testfile380.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile380.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile464.txt > Output/Tests.testfile464.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile464.txt > Output/Tests.testfile464.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile464.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile544.txt > Output/Tests.testfile544.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile544.txt > Output/Tests.testfile544.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile125.txt > Output/Tests.testfile125.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile125.txt > Output/Tests.testfile125.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile125.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile470.txt > Output/Tests.testfile470.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile470.txt > Output/Tests.testfile470.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile470.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile117.txt > Output/Tests.testfile117.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile117.txt > Output/Tests.testfile117.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile117.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile862.txt > Output/Tests.testfile862.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile862.txt > Output/Tests.testfile862.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile862.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile589.txt > Output/Tests.testfile589.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile589.txt > Output/Tests.testfile589.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile589.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile482.txt > Output/Tests.testfile482.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile482.txt > Output/Tests.testfile482.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile482.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile466.txt > Output/Tests.testfile466.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile466.txt > Output/Tests.testfile466.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile466.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile943.txt > Output/Tests.testfile943.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile943.txt > Output/Tests.testfile943.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile943.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile478.txt > Output/Tests.testfile478.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile478.txt > Output/Tests.testfile478.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile478.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile453.txt > Output/Tests.testfile453.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile453.txt > Output/Tests.testfile453.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile453.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile446.txt > Output/Tests.testfile446.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile446.txt > Output/Tests.testfile446.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile446.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile131.txt > Output/Tests.testfile131.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile131.txt > Output/Tests.testfile131.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile131.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile132.txt > Output/Tests.testfile132.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile132.txt > Output/Tests.testfile132.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile132.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile789.txt > Output/Tests.testfile789.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile789.txt > Output/Tests.testfile789.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile789.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile765.txt > Output/Tests.testfile765.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile765.txt > Output/Tests.testfile765.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile765.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile587.txt > Output/Tests.testfile587.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile587.txt > Output/Tests.testfile587.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile587.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile384.txt > Output/Tests.testfile384.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile384.txt > Output/Tests.testfile384.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile384.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile129.txt > Output/Tests.testfile129.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile129.txt > Output/Tests.testfile129.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile129.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile804.txt > Output/Tests.testfile804.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile804.txt > Output/Tests.testfile804.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile804.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile997.txt > Output/Tests.testfile997.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile997.txt > Output/Tests.testfile997.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile997.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile532.txt > Output/Tests.testfile532.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile532.txt > Output/Tests.testfile532.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile532.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile873.txt > Output/Tests.testfile873.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile873.txt > Output/Tests.testfile873.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile873.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile491.txt > Output/Tests.testfile491.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile491.txt > Output/Tests.testfile491.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile569.txt > Output/Tests.testfile569.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile569.txt > Output/Tests.testfile569.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile569.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile821.txt > Output/Tests.testfile821.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile821.txt > Output/Tests.testfile821.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile821.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile973.txt > Output/Tests.testfile973.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile973.txt > Output/Tests.testfile973.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile973.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile721.txt > Output/Tests.testfile721.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile721.txt > Output/Tests.testfile721.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile721.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile964.txt > Output/Tests.testfile964.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile964.txt > Output/Tests.testfile964.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile964.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile402.txt > Output/Tests.testfile402.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile402.txt > Output/Tests.testfile402.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile402.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile385.txt > Output/Tests.testfile385.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile385.txt > Output/Tests.testfile385.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile385.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile654.txt > Output/Tests.testfile654.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile654.txt > Output/Tests.testfile654.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile654.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile515.txt > Output/Tests.testfile515.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile515.txt > Output/Tests.testfile515.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile515.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile242.txt > Output/Tests.testfile242.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile242.txt > Output/Tests.testfile242.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile242.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile938.txt > Output/Tests.testfile938.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile938.txt > Output/Tests.testfile938.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile938.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile642.txt > Output/Tests.testfile642.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile642.txt > Output/Tests.testfile642.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile642.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile166.txt > Output/Tests.testfile166.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile166.txt > Output/Tests.testfile166.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile166.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile914.txt > Output/Tests.testfile914.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile914.txt > Output/Tests.testfile914.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile914.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile926.txt > Output/Tests.testfile926.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile926.txt > Output/Tests.testfile926.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile926.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile853.txt > Output/Tests.testfile853.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile853.txt > Output/Tests.testfile853.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile853.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile462.txt > Output/Tests.testfile462.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile462.txt > Output/Tests.testfile462.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile462.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile810.txt > Output/Tests.testfile810.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile810.txt > Output/Tests.testfile810.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile810.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile939.txt > Output/Tests.testfile939.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile939.txt > Output/Tests.testfile939.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile939.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile770.txt > Output/Tests.testfile770.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile770.txt > Output/Tests.testfile770.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile770.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile746.txt > Output/Tests.testfile746.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile746.txt > Output/Tests.testfile746.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile746.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile600.txt > Output/Tests.testfile600.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile600.txt > Output/Tests.testfile600.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile600.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile658.txt > Output/Tests.testfile658.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile658.txt > Output/Tests.testfile658.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile370.txt > Output/Tests.testfile370.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile370.txt > Output/Tests.testfile370.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile370.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile611.txt > Output/Tests.testfile611.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile611.txt > Output/Tests.testfile611.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile611.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile713.txt > Output/Tests.testfile713.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile713.txt > Output/Tests.testfile713.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile713.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile226.txt > Output/Tests.testfile226.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile226.txt > Output/Tests.testfile226.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile226.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile879.txt > Output/Tests.testfile879.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile879.txt > Output/Tests.testfile879.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile879.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile208.txt > Output/Tests.testfile208.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile208.txt > Output/Tests.testfile208.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile208.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile310.txt > Output/Tests.testfile310.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile310.txt > Output/Tests.testfile310.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile310.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile963.txt > Output/Tests.testfile963.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile963.txt > Output/Tests.testfile963.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile963.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile518.txt > Output/Tests.testfile518.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile518.txt > Output/Tests.testfile518.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile518.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile966.txt > Output/Tests.testfile966.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile966.txt > Output/Tests.testfile966.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile966.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile540.txt > Output/Tests.testfile540.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile540.txt > Output/Tests.testfile540.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile540.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile182.txt > Output/Tests.testfile182.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile182.txt > Output/Tests.testfile182.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile182.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile517.txt > Output/Tests.testfile517.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile517.txt > Output/Tests.testfile517.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile517.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile104.txt > Output/Tests.testfile104.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile104.txt > Output/Tests.testfile104.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile104.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile103.txt > Output/Tests.testfile103.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile103.txt > Output/Tests.testfile103.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile103.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile536.txt > Output/Tests.testfile536.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile536.txt > Output/Tests.testfile536.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile536.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile223.txt > Output/Tests.testfile223.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile223.txt > Output/Tests.testfile223.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile805.txt > Output/Tests.testfile805.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile805.txt > Output/Tests.testfile805.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile805.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile212.txt > Output/Tests.testfile212.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile212.txt > Output/Tests.testfile212.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile212.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile163.txt > Output/Tests.testfile163.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile163.txt > Output/Tests.testfile163.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile163.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile468.txt > Output/Tests.testfile468.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile468.txt > Output/Tests.testfile468.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile468.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile640.txt > Output/Tests.testfile640.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile640.txt > Output/Tests.testfile640.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile640.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile328.txt > Output/Tests.testfile328.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile328.txt > Output/Tests.testfile328.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile328.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile505.txt > Output/Tests.testfile505.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile505.txt > Output/Tests.testfile505.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile505.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile872.txt > Output/Tests.testfile872.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile872.txt > Output/Tests.testfile872.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile498.txt > Output/Tests.testfile498.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile498.txt > Output/Tests.testfile498.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile498.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile387.txt > Output/Tests.testfile387.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile387.txt > Output/Tests.testfile387.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile387.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile651.txt > Output/Tests.testfile651.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile651.txt > Output/Tests.testfile651.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile651.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile718.txt > Output/Tests.testfile718.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile718.txt > Output/Tests.testfile718.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile718.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile264.txt > Output/Tests.testfile264.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile264.txt > Output/Tests.testfile264.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile264.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile276.txt > Output/Tests.testfile276.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile276.txt > Output/Tests.testfile276.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile276.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile298.txt > Output/Tests.testfile298.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile298.txt > Output/Tests.testfile298.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile298.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile381.txt > Output/Tests.testfile381.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile381.txt > Output/Tests.testfile381.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile266.txt > Output/Tests.testfile266.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile266.txt > Output/Tests.testfile266.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile266.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile508.txt > Output/Tests.testfile508.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile508.txt > Output/Tests.testfile508.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile508.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile876.txt > Output/Tests.testfile876.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile876.txt > Output/Tests.testfile876.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile876.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile635.txt > Output/Tests.testfile635.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile635.txt > Output/Tests.testfile635.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile635.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile750.txt > Output/Tests.testfile750.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile750.txt > Output/Tests.testfile750.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile750.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile613.txt > Output/Tests.testfile613.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile613.txt > Output/Tests.testfile613.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile613.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile901.txt > Output/Tests.testfile901.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile901.txt > Output/Tests.testfile901.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile901.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile702.txt > Output/Tests.testfile702.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile702.txt > Output/Tests.testfile702.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile702.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile593.txt > Output/Tests.testfile593.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile593.txt > Output/Tests.testfile593.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile593.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile220.txt > Output/Tests.testfile220.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile220.txt > Output/Tests.testfile220.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile220.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile434.txt > Output/Tests.testfile434.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile434.txt > Output/Tests.testfile434.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile434.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile560.txt > Output/Tests.testfile560.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile560.txt > Output/Tests.testfile560.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile560.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile408.txt > Output/Tests.testfile408.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile408.txt > Output/Tests.testfile408.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile408.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile583.txt > Output/Tests.testfile583.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile583.txt > Output/Tests.testfile583.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile583.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile159.txt > Output/Tests.testfile159.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile159.txt > Output/Tests.testfile159.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile159.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile272.txt > Output/Tests.testfile272.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile272.txt > Output/Tests.testfile272.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile272.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile758.txt > Output/Tests.testfile758.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile758.txt > Output/Tests.testfile758.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile758.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile475.txt > Output/Tests.testfile475.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile475.txt > Output/Tests.testfile475.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile475.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile955.txt > Output/Tests.testfile955.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile955.txt > Output/Tests.testfile955.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile955.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile514.txt > Output/Tests.testfile514.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile514.txt > Output/Tests.testfile514.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile514.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile400.txt > Output/Tests.testfile400.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile400.txt > Output/Tests.testfile400.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile400.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile584.txt > Output/Tests.testfile584.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile584.txt > Output/Tests.testfile584.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile584.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile113.txt > Output/Tests.testfile113.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile113.txt > Output/Tests.testfile113.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile113.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile888.txt > Output/Tests.testfile888.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile888.txt > Output/Tests.testfile888.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile888.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile207.txt > Output/Tests.testfile207.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile207.txt > Output/Tests.testfile207.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile207.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile199.txt > Output/Tests.testfile199.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile199.txt > Output/Tests.testfile199.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile199.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile193.txt > Output/Tests.testfile193.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile193.txt > Output/Tests.testfile193.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile193.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile756.txt > Output/Tests.testfile756.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile756.txt > Output/Tests.testfile756.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile756.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile995.txt > Output/Tests.testfile995.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile995.txt > Output/Tests.testfile995.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile995.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile217.txt > Output/Tests.testfile217.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile217.txt > Output/Tests.testfile217.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile217.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile497.txt > Output/Tests.testfile497.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile497.txt > Output/Tests.testfile497.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile497.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile833.txt > Output/Tests.testfile833.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile833.txt > Output/Tests.testfile833.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile833.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile975.txt > Output/Tests.testfile975.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile975.txt > Output/Tests.testfile975.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile975.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile952.txt > Output/Tests.testfile952.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile952.txt > Output/Tests.testfile952.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile952.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile172.txt > Output/Tests.testfile172.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile172.txt > Output/Tests.testfile172.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile172.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile347.txt > Output/Tests.testfile347.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile347.txt > Output/Tests.testfile347.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile347.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile719.txt > Output/Tests.testfile719.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile719.txt > Output/Tests.testfile719.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile719.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile425.txt > Output/Tests.testfile425.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile425.txt > Output/Tests.testfile425.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile425.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile439.txt > Output/Tests.testfile439.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile439.txt > Output/Tests.testfile439.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile439.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile572.txt > Output/Tests.testfile572.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile572.txt > Output/Tests.testfile572.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile572.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile414.txt > Output/Tests.testfile414.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile414.txt > Output/Tests.testfile414.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile414.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile418.txt > Output/Tests.testfile418.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile418.txt > Output/Tests.testfile418.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile418.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile431.txt > Output/Tests.testfile431.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile431.txt > Output/Tests.testfile431.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile431.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile274.txt > Output/Tests.testfile274.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile274.txt > Output/Tests.testfile274.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile274.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile493.txt > Output/Tests.testfile493.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile493.txt > Output/Tests.testfile493.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile493.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile185.txt > Output/Tests.testfile185.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile185.txt > Output/Tests.testfile185.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile185.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile827.txt > Output/Tests.testfile827.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile827.txt > Output/Tests.testfile827.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile827.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile846.txt > Output/Tests.testfile846.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile846.txt > Output/Tests.testfile846.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile846.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile526.txt > Output/Tests.testfile526.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile526.txt > Output/Tests.testfile526.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile526.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile878.txt > Output/Tests.testfile878.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile878.txt > Output/Tests.testfile878.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile878.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile671.txt > Output/Tests.testfile671.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile671.txt > Output/Tests.testfile671.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile671.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile819.txt > Output/Tests.testfile819.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile819.txt > Output/Tests.testfile819.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile819.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile261.txt > Output/Tests.testfile261.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile261.txt > Output/Tests.testfile261.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile261.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile107.txt > Output/Tests.testfile107.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile107.txt > Output/Tests.testfile107.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile107.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile338.txt > Output/Tests.testfile338.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile338.txt > Output/Tests.testfile338.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile338.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile574.txt > Output/Tests.testfile574.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile574.txt > Output/Tests.testfile574.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile574.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile395.txt > Output/Tests.testfile395.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile395.txt > Output/Tests.testfile395.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile395.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile404.txt > Output/Tests.testfile404.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile404.txt > Output/Tests.testfile404.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile404.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile968.txt > Output/Tests.testfile968.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile968.txt > Output/Tests.testfile968.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile324.txt > Output/Tests.testfile324.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile324.txt > Output/Tests.testfile324.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile324.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile684.txt > Output/Tests.testfile684.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile684.txt > Output/Tests.testfile684.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile684.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile293.txt > Output/Tests.testfile293.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile293.txt > Output/Tests.testfile293.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile293.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile656.txt > Output/Tests.testfile656.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile656.txt > Output/Tests.testfile656.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile656.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile194.txt > Output/Tests.testfile194.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile194.txt > Output/Tests.testfile194.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile194.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile330.txt > Output/Tests.testfile330.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile330.txt > Output/Tests.testfile330.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile330.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile688.txt > Output/Tests.testfile688.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile688.txt > Output/Tests.testfile688.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile688.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile706.txt > Output/Tests.testfile706.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile706.txt > Output/Tests.testfile706.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile706.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile277.txt > Output/Tests.testfile277.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile277.txt > Output/Tests.testfile277.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile277.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile870.txt > Output/Tests.testfile870.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile870.txt > Output/Tests.testfile870.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile870.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile110.txt > Output/Tests.testfile110.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile110.txt > Output/Tests.testfile110.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile110.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile806.txt > Output/Tests.testfile806.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile806.txt > Output/Tests.testfile806.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile539.txt > Output/Tests.testfile539.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile539.txt > Output/Tests.testfile539.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile539.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcf..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile362.txt > Output/Tests.testfile362.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile362.txt > Output/Tests.testfile362.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile362.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile155.txt > Output/Tests.testfile155.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile155.txt > Output/Tests.testfile155.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile155.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile545.txt > Output/Tests.testfile545.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile545.txt > Output/Tests.testfile545.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile545.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile722.txt > Output/Tests.testfile722.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile722.txt > Output/Tests.testfile722.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile722.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile268.txt > Output/Tests.testfile268.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile268.txt > Output/Tests.testfile268.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile268.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile670.txt > Output/Tests.testfile670.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile670.txt > Output/Tests.testfile670.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile670.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile157.txt > Output/Tests.testfile157.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile157.txt > Output/Tests.testfile157.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile157.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile367.txt > Output/Tests.testfile367.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile367.txt > Output/Tests.testfile367.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile367.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile615.txt > Output/Tests.testfile615.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile615.txt > Output/Tests.testfile615.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile615.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile437.txt > Output/Tests.testfile437.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile437.txt > Output/Tests.testfile437.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile437.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile557.txt > Output/Tests.testfile557.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile557.txt > Output/Tests.testfile557.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile557.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile123.txt > Output/Tests.testfile123.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile123.txt > Output/Tests.testfile123.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile215.txt > Output/Tests.testfile215.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile215.txt > Output/Tests.testfile215.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile215.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile979.txt > Output/Tests.testfile979.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile979.txt > Output/Tests.testfile979.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile979.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile239.txt > Output/Tests.testfile239.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile239.txt > Output/Tests.testfile239.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile239.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile761.txt > Output/Tests.testfile761.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile761.txt > Output/Tests.testfile761.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile761.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile421.txt > Output/Tests.testfile421.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile421.txt > Output/Tests.testfile421.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile421.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile824.txt > Output/Tests.testfile824.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile824.txt > Output/Tests.testfile824.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile824.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile173.txt > Output/Tests.testfile173.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile173.txt > Output/Tests.testfile173.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile701.txt > Output/Tests.testfile701.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile701.txt > Output/Tests.testfile701.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile701.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile313.txt > Output/Tests.testfile313.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile313.txt > Output/Tests.testfile313.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile313.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile880.txt > Output/Tests.testfile880.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile880.txt > Output/Tests.testfile880.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile880.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile192.txt > Output/Tests.testfile192.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile192.txt > Output/Tests.testfile192.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile192.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile170.txt > Output/Tests.testfile170.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile170.txt > Output/Tests.testfile170.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile170.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile391.txt > Output/Tests.testfile391.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile391.txt > Output/Tests.testfile391.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile391.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile728.txt > Output/Tests.testfile728.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile728.txt > Output/Tests.testfile728.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile728.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile825.txt > Output/Tests.testfile825.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile825.txt > Output/Tests.testfile825.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile825.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile428.txt > Output/Tests.testfile428.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile428.txt > Output/Tests.testfile428.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile428.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile554.txt > Output/Tests.testfile554.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile554.txt > Output/Tests.testfile554.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile554.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile588.txt > Output/Tests.testfile588.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile588.txt > Output/Tests.testfile588.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile588.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile358.txt > Output/Tests.testfile358.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile358.txt > Output/Tests.testfile358.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile299.txt > Output/Tests.testfile299.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile299.txt > Output/Tests.testfile299.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile299.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile797.txt > Output/Tests.testfile797.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile797.txt > Output/Tests.testfile797.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile797.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile379.txt > Output/Tests.testfile379.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile379.txt > Output/Tests.testfile379.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile379.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile907.txt > Output/Tests.testfile907.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile907.txt > Output/Tests.testfile907.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile907.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile747.txt > Output/Tests.testfile747.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile747.txt > Output/Tests.testfile747.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile747.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile211.txt > Output/Tests.testfile211.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile211.txt > Output/Tests.testfile211.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile211.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile716.txt > Output/Tests.testfile716.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile716.txt > Output/Tests.testfile716.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile716.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile435.txt > Output/Tests.testfile435.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile435.txt > Output/Tests.testfile435.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile435.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile480.txt > Output/Tests.testfile480.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile480.txt > Output/Tests.testfile480.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile480.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile209.txt > Output/Tests.testfile209.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile209.txt > Output/Tests.testfile209.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile209.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile332.txt > Output/Tests.testfile332.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile332.txt > Output/Tests.testfile332.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile332.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile917.txt > Output/Tests.testfile917.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile917.txt > Output/Tests.testfile917.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile917.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile636.txt > Output/Tests.testfile636.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile636.txt > Output/Tests.testfile636.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile636.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile256.txt > Output/Tests.testfile256.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile256.txt > Output/Tests.testfile256.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile256.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile281.txt > Output/Tests.testfile281.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile281.txt > Output/Tests.testfile281.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile281.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile451.txt > Output/Tests.testfile451.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile451.txt > Output/Tests.testfile451.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile451.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile919.txt > Output/Tests.testfile919.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile919.txt > Output/Tests.testfile919.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile919.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile922.txt > Output/Tests.testfile922.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile922.txt > Output/Tests.testfile922.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile922.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile659.txt > Output/Tests.testfile659.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile659.txt > Output/Tests.testfile659.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile659.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile465.txt > Output/Tests.testfile465.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile465.txt > Output/Tests.testfile465.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile465.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile977.txt > Output/Tests.testfile977.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile977.txt > Output/Tests.testfile977.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile977.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile838.txt > Output/Tests.testfile838.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile838.txt > Output/Tests.testfile838.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile204.txt > Output/Tests.testfile204.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile204.txt > Output/Tests.testfile204.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile204.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile511.txt > Output/Tests.testfile511.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile511.txt > Output/Tests.testfile511.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile511.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile703.txt > Output/Tests.testfile703.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile703.txt > Output/Tests.testfile703.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile703.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile667.txt > Output/Tests.testfile667.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile667.txt > Output/Tests.testfile667.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile667.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile581.txt > Output/Tests.testfile581.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile581.txt > Output/Tests.testfile581.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile581.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile775.txt > Output/Tests.testfile775.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile775.txt > Output/Tests.testfile775.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile775.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile216.txt > Output/Tests.testfile216.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile216.txt > Output/Tests.testfile216.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile216.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile815.txt > Output/Tests.testfile815.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile815.txt > Output/Tests.testfile815.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile815.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile323.txt > Output/Tests.testfile323.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile323.txt > Output/Tests.testfile323.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile323.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile553.txt > Output/Tests.testfile553.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile553.txt > Output/Tests.testfile553.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile553.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile178.txt > Output/Tests.testfile178.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile178.txt > Output/Tests.testfile178.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile178.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile993.txt > Output/Tests.testfile993.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile993.txt > Output/Tests.testfile993.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile993.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile471.txt > Output/Tests.testfile471.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile471.txt > Output/Tests.testfile471.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile471.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile889.txt > Output/Tests.testfile889.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile889.txt > Output/Tests.testfile889.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile889.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile458.txt > Output/Tests.testfile458.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile458.txt > Output/Tests.testfile458.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile458.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile549.txt > Output/Tests.testfile549.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile549.txt > Output/Tests.testfile549.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile549.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile863.txt > Output/Tests.testfile863.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile863.txt > Output/Tests.testfile863.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile863.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile950.txt > Output/Tests.testfile950.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile950.txt > Output/Tests.testfile950.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile950.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile894.txt > Output/Tests.testfile894.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile894.txt > Output/Tests.testfile894.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile894.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile262.txt > Output/Tests.testfile262.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile262.txt > Output/Tests.testfile262.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile262.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile738.txt > Output/Tests.testfile738.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile738.txt > Output/Tests.testfile738.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile738.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile780.txt > Output/Tests.testfile780.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile780.txt > Output/Tests.testfile780.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile780.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile562.txt > Output/Tests.testfile562.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile562.txt > Output/Tests.testfile562.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile562.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile585.txt > Output/Tests.testfile585.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile585.txt > Output/Tests.testfile585.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile585.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile473.txt > Output/Tests.testfile473.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile473.txt > Output/Tests.testfile473.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile473.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile502.txt > Output/Tests.testfile502.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile502.txt > Output/Tests.testfile502.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile953.txt > Output/Tests.testfile953.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile953.txt > Output/Tests.testfile953.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile953.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile958.txt > Output/Tests.testfile958.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile958.txt > Output/Tests.testfile958.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile958.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile542.txt > Output/Tests.testfile542.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile542.txt > Output/Tests.testfile542.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile542.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile535.txt > Output/Tests.testfile535.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile535.txt > Output/Tests.testfile535.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile743.txt > Output/Tests.testfile743.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile743.txt > Output/Tests.testfile743.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile743.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile625.txt > Output/Tests.testfile625.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile625.txt > Output/Tests.testfile625.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile625.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile430.txt > Output/Tests.testfile430.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile430.txt > Output/Tests.testfile430.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile790.txt > Output/Tests.testfile790.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile790.txt > Output/Tests.testfile790.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile790.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile411.txt > Output/Tests.testfile411.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile411.txt > Output/Tests.testfile411.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile411.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile407.txt > Output/Tests.testfile407.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile407.txt > Output/Tests.testfile407.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile407.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile119.txt > Output/Tests.testfile119.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile119.txt > Output/Tests.testfile119.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile119.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile877.txt > Output/Tests.testfile877.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile877.txt > Output/Tests.testfile877.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile877.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile342.txt > Output/Tests.testfile342.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile342.txt > Output/Tests.testfile342.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile342.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile563.txt > Output/Tests.testfile563.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile563.txt > Output/Tests.testfile563.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile563.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile495.txt > Output/Tests.testfile495.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile495.txt > Output/Tests.testfile495.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile495.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile809.txt > Output/Tests.testfile809.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile809.txt > Output/Tests.testfile809.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile809.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile779.txt > Output/Tests.testfile779.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile779.txt > Output/Tests.testfile779.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile779.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile344.txt > Output/Tests.testfile344.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile344.txt > Output/Tests.testfile344.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile344.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile415.txt > Output/Tests.testfile415.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile415.txt > Output/Tests.testfile415.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile415.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile691.txt > Output/Tests.testfile691.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile691.txt > Output/Tests.testfile691.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile691.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile724.txt > Output/Tests.testfile724.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile724.txt > Output/Tests.testfile724.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile724.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile905.txt > Output/Tests.testfile905.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile905.txt > Output/Tests.testfile905.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile905.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile189.txt > Output/Tests.testfile189.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile189.txt > Output/Tests.testfile189.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile189.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile826.txt > Output/Tests.testfile826.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile826.txt > Output/Tests.testfile826.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile826.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile736.txt > Output/Tests.testfile736.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile736.txt > Output/Tests.testfile736.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile736.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile467.txt > Output/Tests.testfile467.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile467.txt > Output/Tests.testfile467.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile467.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile694.txt > Output/Tests.testfile694.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile694.txt > Output/Tests.testfile694.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile694.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile692.txt > Output/Tests.testfile692.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile692.txt > Output/Tests.testfile692.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile692.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile228.txt > Output/Tests.testfile228.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile228.txt > Output/Tests.testfile228.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile228.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile352.txt > Output/Tests.testfile352.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile352.txt > Output/Tests.testfile352.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile352.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile510.txt > Output/Tests.testfile510.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile510.txt > Output/Tests.testfile510.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile510.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile783.txt > Output/Tests.testfile783.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile783.txt > Output/Tests.testfile783.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile783.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile918.txt > Output/Tests.testfile918.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile918.txt > Output/Tests.testfile918.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile918.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile309.txt > Output/Tests.testfile309.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile309.txt > Output/Tests.testfile309.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile309.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile924.txt > Output/Tests.testfile924.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile924.txt > Output/Tests.testfile924.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile924.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile690.txt > Output/Tests.testfile690.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile690.txt > Output/Tests.testfile690.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile690.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile295.txt > Output/Tests.testfile295.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile295.txt > Output/Tests.testfile295.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile295.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile516.txt > Output/Tests.testfile516.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile516.txt > Output/Tests.testfile516.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile516.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile801.txt > Output/Tests.testfile801.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile801.txt > Output/Tests.testfile801.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile801.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile742.txt > Output/Tests.testfile742.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile742.txt > Output/Tests.testfile742.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile742.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile530.txt > Output/Tests.testfile530.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile530.txt > Output/Tests.testfile530.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile530.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile940.txt > Output/Tests.testfile940.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile940.txt > Output/Tests.testfile940.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile940.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile290.txt > Output/Tests.testfile290.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile290.txt > Output/Tests.testfile290.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile290.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile778.txt > Output/Tests.testfile778.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile778.txt > Output/Tests.testfile778.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile778.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile440.txt > Output/Tests.testfile440.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile440.txt > Output/Tests.testfile440.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile440.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile829.txt > Output/Tests.testfile829.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile829.txt > Output/Tests.testfile829.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile829.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile582.txt > Output/Tests.testfile582.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile582.txt > Output/Tests.testfile582.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile582.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile101.txt > Output/Tests.testfile101.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile101.txt > Output/Tests.testfile101.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile101.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile556.txt > Output/Tests.testfile556.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile556.txt > Output/Tests.testfile556.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile633.txt > Output/Tests.testfile633.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile633.txt > Output/Tests.testfile633.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile633.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile857.txt > Output/Tests.testfile857.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile857.txt > Output/Tests.testfile857.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile857.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile735.txt > Output/Tests.testfile735.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile735.txt > Output/Tests.testfile735.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile735.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile390.txt > Output/Tests.testfile390.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile390.txt > Output/Tests.testfile390.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile390.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile717.txt > Output/Tests.testfile717.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile717.txt > Output/Tests.testfile717.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile717.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile294.txt > Output/Tests.testfile294.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile294.txt > Output/Tests.testfile294.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile294.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile488.txt > Output/Tests.testfile488.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile488.txt > Output/Tests.testfile488.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile488.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile951.txt > Output/Tests.testfile951.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile951.txt > Output/Tests.testfile951.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile951.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile798.txt > Output/Tests.testfile798.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile798.txt > Output/Tests.testfile798.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile798.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile714.txt > Output/Tests.testfile714.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile714.txt > Output/Tests.testfile714.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile714.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile796.txt > Output/Tests.testfile796.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile796.txt > Output/Tests.testfile796.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile796.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile890.txt > Output/Tests.testfile890.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile890.txt > Output/Tests.testfile890.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile890.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile196.txt > Output/Tests.testfile196.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile196.txt > Output/Tests.testfile196.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile196.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile551.txt > Output/Tests.testfile551.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile551.txt > Output/Tests.testfile551.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile551.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile639.txt > Output/Tests.testfile639.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile639.txt > Output/Tests.testfile639.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile639.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile559.txt > Output/Tests.testfile559.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile559.txt > Output/Tests.testfile559.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile559.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile610.txt > Output/Tests.testfile610.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile610.txt > Output/Tests.testfile610.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile610.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile598.txt > Output/Tests.testfile598.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile598.txt > Output/Tests.testfile598.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile598.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile729.txt > Output/Tests.testfile729.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile729.txt > Output/Tests.testfile729.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile729.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile850.txt > Output/Tests.testfile850.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile850.txt > Output/Tests.testfile850.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile850.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile372.txt > Output/Tests.testfile372.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile372.txt > Output/Tests.testfile372.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile372.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile378.txt > Output/Tests.testfile378.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile378.txt > Output/Tests.testfile378.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile378.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile781.txt > Output/Tests.testfile781.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile781.txt > Output/Tests.testfile781.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile781.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile645.txt > Output/Tests.testfile645.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile645.txt > Output/Tests.testfile645.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile645.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile867.txt > Output/Tests.testfile867.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile867.txt > Output/Tests.testfile867.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile867.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile565.txt > Output/Tests.testfile565.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile565.txt > Output/Tests.testfile565.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile565.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile258.txt > Output/Tests.testfile258.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile258.txt > Output/Tests.testfile258.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile258.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile700.txt > Output/Tests.testfile700.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile700.txt > Output/Tests.testfile700.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile700.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile145.txt > Output/Tests.testfile145.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile145.txt > Output/Tests.testfile145.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile145.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile859.txt > Output/Tests.testfile859.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile859.txt > Output/Tests.testfile859.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile859.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile382.txt > Output/Tests.testfile382.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile382.txt > Output/Tests.testfile382.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile382.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile925.txt > Output/Tests.testfile925.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile925.txt > Output/Tests.testfile925.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile925.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile802.txt > Output/Tests.testfile802.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile802.txt > Output/Tests.testfile802.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile608.txt > Output/Tests.testfile608.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile608.txt > Output/Tests.testfile608.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile210.txt > Output/Tests.testfile210.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile210.txt > Output/Tests.testfile210.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile210.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile644.txt > Output/Tests.testfile644.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile644.txt > Output/Tests.testfile644.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile644.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile214.txt > Output/Tests.testfile214.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile214.txt > Output/Tests.testfile214.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile254.txt > Output/Tests.testfile254.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile254.txt > Output/Tests.testfile254.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile254.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile564.txt > Output/Tests.testfile564.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile564.txt > Output/Tests.testfile564.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile564.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile683.txt > Output/Tests.testfile683.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile683.txt > Output/Tests.testfile683.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile683.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile607.txt > Output/Tests.testfile607.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile607.txt > Output/Tests.testfile607.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile607.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile308.txt > Output/Tests.testfile308.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile308.txt > Output/Tests.testfile308.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile308.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile960.txt > Output/Tests.testfile960.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile960.txt > Output/Tests.testfile960.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile960.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile137.txt > Output/Tests.testfile137.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile137.txt > Output/Tests.testfile137.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile213.txt > Output/Tests.testfile213.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile213.txt > Output/Tests.testfile213.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile213.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile616.txt > Output/Tests.testfile616.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile616.txt > Output/Tests.testfile616.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile616.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile285.txt > Output/Tests.testfile285.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile285.txt > Output/Tests.testfile285.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile285.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile115.txt > Output/Tests.testfile115.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile115.txt > Output/Tests.testfile115.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile115.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile203.txt > Output/Tests.testfile203.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile203.txt > Output/Tests.testfile203.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile203.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile528.txt > Output/Tests.testfile528.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile528.txt > Output/Tests.testfile528.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile528.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile175.txt > Output/Tests.testfile175.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile175.txt > Output/Tests.testfile175.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile175.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile575.txt > Output/Tests.testfile575.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile575.txt > Output/Tests.testfile575.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile575.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile162.txt > Output/Tests.testfile162.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile162.txt > Output/Tests.testfile162.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile162.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile697.txt > Output/Tests.testfile697.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile697.txt > Output/Tests.testfile697.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile697.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile377.txt > Output/Tests.testfile377.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile377.txt > Output/Tests.testfile377.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile377.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile147.txt > Output/Tests.testfile147.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile147.txt > Output/Tests.testfile147.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile147.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile677.txt > Output/Tests.testfile677.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile677.txt > Output/Tests.testfile677.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile677.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile865.txt > Output/Tests.testfile865.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile865.txt > Output/Tests.testfile865.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile865.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile301.txt > Output/Tests.testfile301.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile301.txt > Output/Tests.testfile301.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile301.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile631.txt > Output/Tests.testfile631.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile631.txt > Output/Tests.testfile631.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile631.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile552.txt > Output/Tests.testfile552.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile552.txt > Output/Tests.testfile552.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile552.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile492.txt > Output/Tests.testfile492.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile492.txt > Output/Tests.testfile492.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile492.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile334.txt > Output/Tests.testfile334.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile334.txt > Output/Tests.testfile334.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile334.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile665.txt > Output/Tests.testfile665.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile665.txt > Output/Tests.testfile665.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile665.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile689.txt > Output/Tests.testfile689.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile689.txt > Output/Tests.testfile689.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile689.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile734.txt > Output/Tests.testfile734.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile734.txt > Output/Tests.testfile734.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile734.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile322.txt > Output/Tests.testfile322.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile322.txt > Output/Tests.testfile322.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile322.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile111.txt > Output/Tests.testfile111.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile111.txt > Output/Tests.testfile111.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile111.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile858.txt > Output/Tests.testfile858.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile858.txt > Output/Tests.testfile858.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile858.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile852.txt > Output/Tests.testfile852.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile852.txt > Output/Tests.testfile852.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile852.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile954.txt > Output/Tests.testfile954.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile954.txt > Output/Tests.testfile954.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile954.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile512.txt > Output/Tests.testfile512.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile512.txt > Output/Tests.testfile512.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile512.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile748.txt > Output/Tests.testfile748.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile748.txt > Output/Tests.testfile748.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile748.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile160.txt > Output/Tests.testfile160.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile160.txt > Output/Tests.testfile160.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile160.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile278.txt > Output/Tests.testfile278.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile278.txt > Output/Tests.testfile278.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile278.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile586.txt > Output/Tests.testfile586.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile586.txt > Output/Tests.testfile586.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile586.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile676.txt > Output/Tests.testfile676.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile676.txt > Output/Tests.testfile676.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile676.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile555.txt > Output/Tests.testfile555.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile555.txt > Output/Tests.testfile555.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile555.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile776.txt > Output/Tests.testfile776.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile776.txt > Output/Tests.testfile776.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile776.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile720.txt > Output/Tests.testfile720.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile720.txt > Output/Tests.testfile720.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile720.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile561.txt > Output/Tests.testfile561.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile561.txt > Output/Tests.testfile561.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile561.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile506.txt > Output/Tests.testfile506.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile506.txt > Output/Tests.testfile506.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile506.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile255.txt > Output/Tests.testfile255.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile255.txt > Output/Tests.testfile255.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile255.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile874.txt > Output/Tests.testfile874.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile874.txt > Output/Tests.testfile874.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile874.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile118.txt > Output/Tests.testfile118.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile118.txt > Output/Tests.testfile118.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile118.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile558.txt > Output/Tests.testfile558.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile558.txt > Output/Tests.testfile558.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile558.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile483.txt > Output/Tests.testfile483.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile483.txt > Output/Tests.testfile483.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile483.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile373.txt > Output/Tests.testfile373.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile373.txt > Output/Tests.testfile373.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile373.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile621.txt > Output/Tests.testfile621.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile621.txt > Output/Tests.testfile621.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile621.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile158.txt > Output/Tests.testfile158.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile158.txt > Output/Tests.testfile158.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile158.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile305.txt > Output/Tests.testfile305.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile305.txt > Output/Tests.testfile305.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile305.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile763.txt > Output/Tests.testfile763.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile763.txt > Output/Tests.testfile763.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile763.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile120.txt > Output/Tests.testfile120.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile120.txt > Output/Tests.testfile120.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile120.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile906.txt > Output/Tests.testfile906.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile906.txt > Output/Tests.testfile906.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile906.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile991.txt > Output/Tests.testfile991.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile991.txt > Output/Tests.testfile991.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile991.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile994.txt > Output/Tests.testfile994.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile994.txt > Output/Tests.testfile994.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile994.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile788.txt > Output/Tests.testfile788.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile788.txt > Output/Tests.testfile788.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile788.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile106.txt > Output/Tests.testfile106.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile106.txt > Output/Tests.testfile106.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile106.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile647.txt > Output/Tests.testfile647.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile647.txt > Output/Tests.testfile647.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile915.txt > Output/Tests.testfile915.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile915.txt > Output/Tests.testfile915.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile915.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile715.txt > Output/Tests.testfile715.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile715.txt > Output/Tests.testfile715.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile519.txt > Output/Tests.testfile519.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile519.txt > Output/Tests.testfile519.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile246.txt > Output/Tests.testfile246.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile246.txt > Output/Tests.testfile246.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile246.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile236.txt > Output/Tests.testfile236.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile236.txt > Output/Tests.testfile236.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile236.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile376.txt > Output/Tests.testfile376.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile376.txt > Output/Tests.testfile376.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile376.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile592.txt > Output/Tests.testfile592.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile592.txt > Output/Tests.testfile592.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile592.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile485.txt > Output/Tests.testfile485.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile485.txt > Output/Tests.testfile485.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile485.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile831.txt > Output/Tests.testfile831.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile831.txt > Output/Tests.testfile831.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile831.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile481.txt > Output/Tests.testfile481.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile481.txt > Output/Tests.testfile481.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile481.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile774.txt > Output/Tests.testfile774.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile774.txt > Output/Tests.testfile774.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile774.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile121.txt > Output/Tests.testfile121.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile121.txt > Output/Tests.testfile121.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile121.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile619.txt > Output/Tests.testfile619.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile619.txt > Output/Tests.testfile619.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile619.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile100.txt > Output/Tests.testfile100.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile100.txt > Output/Tests.testfile100.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile100.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile787.txt > Output/Tests.testfile787.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile787.txt > Output/Tests.testfile787.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile787.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile912.txt > Output/Tests.testfile912.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile912.txt > Output/Tests.testfile912.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile912.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile460.txt > Output/Tests.testfile460.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile460.txt > Output/Tests.testfile460.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile460.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile247.txt > Output/Tests.testfile247.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile247.txt > Output/Tests.testfile247.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile247.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile937.txt > Output/Tests.testfile937.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile937.txt > Output/Tests.testfile937.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile937.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile191.txt > Output/Tests.testfile191.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile191.txt > Output/Tests.testfile191.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile191.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile704.txt > Output/Tests.testfile704.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile704.txt > Output/Tests.testfile704.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile704.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile570.txt > Output/Tests.testfile570.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile570.txt > Output/Tests.testfile570.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile570.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile459.txt > Output/Tests.testfile459.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile459.txt > Output/Tests.testfile459.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile459.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile287.txt > Output/Tests.testfile287.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile287.txt > Output/Tests.testfile287.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile287.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile386.txt > Output/Tests.testfile386.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile386.txt > Output/Tests.testfile386.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile386.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile834.txt > Output/Tests.testfile834.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile834.txt > Output/Tests.testfile834.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile834.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile840.txt > Output/Tests.testfile840.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile840.txt > Output/Tests.testfile840.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile840.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile238.txt > Output/Tests.testfile238.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile238.txt > Output/Tests.testfile238.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile238.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile474.txt > Output/Tests.testfile474.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile474.txt > Output/Tests.testfile474.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile474.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile898.txt > Output/Tests.testfile898.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile898.txt > Output/Tests.testfile898.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile898.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile409.txt > Output/Tests.testfile409.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile409.txt > Output/Tests.testfile409.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile409.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile726.txt > Output/Tests.testfile726.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile726.txt > Output/Tests.testfile726.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile726.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile663.txt > Output/Tests.testfile663.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile663.txt > Output/Tests.testfile663.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile663.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile948.txt > Output/Tests.testfile948.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile948.txt > Output/Tests.testfile948.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile948.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile869.txt > Output/Tests.testfile869.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile869.txt > Output/Tests.testfile869.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile869.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile803.txt > Output/Tests.testfile803.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile803.txt > Output/Tests.testfile803.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile803.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile271.txt > Output/Tests.testfile271.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile271.txt > Output/Tests.testfile271.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile271.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile339.txt > Output/Tests.testfile339.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile339.txt > Output/Tests.testfile339.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile339.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile638.txt > Output/Tests.testfile638.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile638.txt > Output/Tests.testfile638.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile638.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile219.txt > Output/Tests.testfile219.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile219.txt > Output/Tests.testfile219.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile219.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile527.txt > Output/Tests.testfile527.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile527.txt > Output/Tests.testfile527.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile527.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile887.txt > Output/Tests.testfile887.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile887.txt > Output/Tests.testfile887.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile887.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile291.txt > Output/Tests.testfile291.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile291.txt > Output/Tests.testfile291.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile291.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile469.txt > Output/Tests.testfile469.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile469.txt > Output/Tests.testfile469.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile469.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile444.txt > Output/Tests.testfile444.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile444.txt > Output/Tests.testfile444.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile444.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile823.txt > Output/Tests.testfile823.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile823.txt > Output/Tests.testfile823.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile823.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile791.txt > Output/Tests.testfile791.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile791.txt > Output/Tests.testfile791.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile791.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile623.txt > Output/Tests.testfile623.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile623.txt > Output/Tests.testfile623.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile623.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile346.txt > Output/Tests.testfile346.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile346.txt > Output/Tests.testfile346.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile346.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile455.txt > Output/Tests.testfile455.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile455.txt > Output/Tests.testfile455.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile455.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile423.txt > Output/Tests.testfile423.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile423.txt > Output/Tests.testfile423.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile423.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile808.txt > Output/Tests.testfile808.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile808.txt > Output/Tests.testfile808.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile808.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile318.txt > Output/Tests.testfile318.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile318.txt > Output/Tests.testfile318.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile318.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile988.txt > Output/Tests.testfile988.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile988.txt > Output/Tests.testfile988.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile988.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile652.txt > Output/Tests.testfile652.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile652.txt > Output/Tests.testfile652.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile652.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile331.txt > Output/Tests.testfile331.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile331.txt > Output/Tests.testfile331.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile186.txt > Output/Tests.testfile186.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile186.txt > Output/Tests.testfile186.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile186.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile181.txt > Output/Tests.testfile181.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile181.txt > Output/Tests.testfile181.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile181.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile990.txt > Output/Tests.testfile990.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile990.txt > Output/Tests.testfile990.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile990.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile134.txt > Output/Tests.testfile134.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile134.txt > Output/Tests.testfile134.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile134.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile899.txt > Output/Tests.testfile899.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile899.txt > Output/Tests.testfile899.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile899.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile733.txt > Output/Tests.testfile733.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile733.txt > Output/Tests.testfile733.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile733.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile225.txt > Output/Tests.testfile225.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile225.txt > Output/Tests.testfile225.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile757.txt > Output/Tests.testfile757.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile757.txt > Output/Tests.testfile757.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile757.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile329.txt > Output/Tests.testfile329.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile329.txt > Output/Tests.testfile329.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile329.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile768.txt > Output/Tests.testfile768.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile768.txt > Output/Tests.testfile768.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile768.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile843.txt > Output/Tests.testfile843.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile843.txt > Output/Tests.testfile843.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile843.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile142.txt > Output/Tests.testfile142.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile142.txt > Output/Tests.testfile142.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile142.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile319.txt > Output/Tests.testfile319.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile319.txt > Output/Tests.testfile319.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile319.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile259.txt > Output/Tests.testfile259.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile259.txt > Output/Tests.testfile259.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile259.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile836.txt > Output/Tests.testfile836.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile836.txt > Output/Tests.testfile836.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile836.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile649.txt > Output/Tests.testfile649.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile649.txt > Output/Tests.testfile649.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile649.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile218.txt > Output/Tests.testfile218.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile218.txt > Output/Tests.testfile218.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile218.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile463.txt > Output/Tests.testfile463.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile463.txt > Output/Tests.testfile463.txt..STCF82.25000
28.75000
82.25000
19.25000

PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile463.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile366.txt > Output/Tests.testfile366.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile366.txt > Output/Tests.testfile366.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile366.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile620.txt > Output/Tests.testfile620.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile620.txt > Output/Tests.testfile620.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile620.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile333.txt > Output/Tests.testfile333.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile333.txt > Output/Tests.testfile333.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile333.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile851.txt > Output/Tests.testfile851.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile851.txt > Output/Tests.testfile851.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile851.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile903.txt > Output/Tests.testfile903.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile903.txt > Output/Tests.testfile903.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile903.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile546.txt > Output/Tests.testfile546.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile546.txt > Output/Tests.testfile546.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile546.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile112.txt > Output/Tests.testfile112.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile112.txt > Output/Tests.testfile112.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile112.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile487.txt > Output/Tests.testfile487.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile487.txt > Output/Tests.testfile487.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile487.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile398.txt > Output/Tests.testfile398.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile398.txt > Output/Tests.testfile398.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile398.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile856.txt > Output/Tests.testfile856.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile856.txt > Output/Tests.testfile856.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile856.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile693.txt > Output/Tests.testfile693.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile693.txt > Output/Tests.testfile693.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile693.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile357.txt > Output/Tests.testfile357.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile357.txt > Output/Tests.testfile357.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile357.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile875.txt > Output/Tests.testfile875.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile875.txt > Output/Tests.testfile875.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile875.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile982.txt > Output/Tests.testfile982.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile982.txt > Output/Tests.testfile982.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile982.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile673.txt > Output/Tests.testfile673.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile673.txt > Output/Tests.testfile673.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile673.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile946.txt > Output/Tests.testfile946.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile946.txt > Output/Tests.testfile946.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile946.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile786.txt > Output/Tests.testfile786.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile786.txt > Output/Tests.testfile786.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile786.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile707.txt > Output/Tests.testfile707.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile707.txt > Output/Tests.testfile707.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile707.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile233.txt > Output/Tests.testfile233.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile233.txt > Output/Tests.testfile233.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile233.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile661.txt > Output/Tests.testfile661.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile661.txt > Output/Tests.testfile661.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile661.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile609.txt > Output/Tests.testfile609.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile609.txt > Output/Tests.testfile609.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile609.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile243.txt > Output/Tests.testfile243.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile243.txt > Output/Tests.testfile243.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile243.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile909.txt > Output/Tests.testfile909.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile909.txt > Output/Tests.testfile909.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile909.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile200.txt > Output/Tests.testfile200.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile200.txt > Output/Tests.testfile200.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile200.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile312.txt > Output/Tests.testfile312.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile312.txt > Output/Tests.testfile312.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile312.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile135.txt > Output/Tests.testfile135.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile135.txt > Output/Tests.testfile135.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile135.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile634.txt > Output/Tests.testfile634.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile634.txt > Output/Tests.testfile634.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile634.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile845.txt > Output/Tests.testfile845.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile845.txt > Output/Tests.testfile845.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile845.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile612.txt > Output/Tests.testfile612.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile612.txt > Output/Tests.testfile612.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile612.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile499.txt > Output/Tests.testfile499.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile499.txt > Output/Tests.testfile499.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile499.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile828.txt > Output/Tests.testfile828.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile828.txt > Output/Tests.testfile828.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile828.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile934.txt > Output/Tests.testfile934.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile934.txt > Output/Tests.testfile934.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile934.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile814.txt > Output/Tests.testfile814.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile814.txt > Output/Tests.testfile814.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile814.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile422.txt > Output/Tests.testfile422.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile422.txt > Output/Tests.testfile422.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile422.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile606.txt > Output/Tests.testfile606.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile606.txt > Output/Tests.testfile606.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile606.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile893.txt > Output/Tests.testfile893.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile893.txt > Output/Tests.testfile893.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile893.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile279.txt > Output/Tests.testfile279.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile279.txt > Output/Tests.testfile279.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile279.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile632.txt > Output/Tests.testfile632.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile632.txt > Output/Tests.testfile632.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile632.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile900.txt > Output/Tests.testfile900.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile900.txt > Output/Tests.testfile900.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile900.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile861.txt > Output/Tests.testfile861.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile861.txt > Output/Tests.testfile861.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile861.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile202.txt > Output/Tests.testfile202.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile202.txt > Output/Tests.testfile202.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile222.txt > Output/Tests.testfile222.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile222.txt > Output/Tests.testfile222.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile222.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile687.txt > Output/Tests.testfile687.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile687.txt > Output/Tests.testfile687.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile687.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile944.txt > Output/Tests.testfile944.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile944.txt > Output/Tests.testfile944.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile944.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile653.txt > Output/Tests.testfile653.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile653.txt > Output/Tests.testfile653.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile653.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile327.txt > Output/Tests.testfile327.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile327.txt > Output/Tests.testfile327.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile327.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile241.txt > Output/Tests.testfile241.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile241.txt > Output/Tests.testfile241.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile241.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile429.txt > Output/Tests.testfile429.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile429.txt > Output/Tests.testfile429.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile392.txt > Output/Tests.testfile392.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile392.txt > Output/Tests.testfile392.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile927.txt > Output/Tests.testfile927.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile927.txt > Output/Tests.testfile927.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile927.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile419.txt > Output/Tests.testfile419.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile419.txt > Output/Tests.testfile419.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile419.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile354.txt > Output/Tests.testfile354.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile354.txt > Output/Tests.testfile354.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile354.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile197.txt > Output/Tests.testfile197.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile197.txt > Output/Tests.testfile197.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile197.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile897.txt > Output/Tests.testfile897.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile897.txt > Output/Tests.testfile897.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile897.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile932.txt > Output/Tests.testfile932.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile932.txt > Output/Tests.testfile932.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile932.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile643.txt > Output/Tests.testfile643.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile643.txt > Output/Tests.testfile643.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile643.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile911.txt > Output/Tests.testfile911.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile911.txt > Output/Tests.testfile911.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile911.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile179.txt > Output/Tests.testfile179.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile179.txt > Output/Tests.testfile179.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile179.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile371.txt > Output/Tests.testfile371.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile371.txt > Output/Tests.testfile371.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile371.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile941.txt > Output/Tests.testfile941.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile941.txt > Output/Tests.testfile941.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile941.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile895.txt > Output/Tests.testfile895.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile895.txt > Output/Tests.testfile895.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile895.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile976.txt > Output/Tests.testfile976.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile976.txt > Output/Tests.testfile976.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile976.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile936.txt > Output/Tests.testfile936.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile936.txt > Output/Tests.testfile936.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile936.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile996.txt > Output/Tests.testfile996.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile996.txt > Output/Tests.testfile996.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile996.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile792.txt > Output/Tests.testfile792.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile792.txt > Output/Tests.testfile792.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile792.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile325.txt > Output/Tests.testfile325.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile325.txt > Output/Tests.testfile325.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile325.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile772.txt > Output/Tests.testfile772.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile772.txt > Output/Tests.testfile772.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile772.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile577.txt > Output/Tests.testfile577.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile577.txt > Output/Tests.testfile577.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile432.txt > Output/Tests.testfile432.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile432.txt > Output/Tests.testfile432.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile432.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile522.txt > Output/Tests.testfile522.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile522.txt > Output/Tests.testfile522.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile522.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile443.txt > Output/Tests.testfile443.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile443.txt > Output/Tests.testfile443.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile443.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile167.txt > Output/Tests.testfile167.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile167.txt > Output/Tests.testfile167.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile167.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile448.txt > Output/Tests.testfile448.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile448.txt > Output/Tests.testfile448.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile448.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile375.txt > Output/Tests.testfile375.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile375.txt > Output/Tests.testfile375.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile375.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile523.txt > Output/Tests.testfile523.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile523.txt > Output/Tests.testfile523.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile523.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile981.txt > Output/Tests.testfile981.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile981.txt > Output/Tests.testfile981.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile981.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile837.txt > Output/Tests.testfile837.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile837.txt > Output/Tests.testfile837.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile837.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile595.txt > Output/Tests.testfile595.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile595.txt > Output/Tests.testfile595.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile595.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile441.txt > Output/Tests.testfile441.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile441.txt > Output/Tests.testfile441.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile441.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile712.txt > Output/Tests.testfile712.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile712.txt > Output/Tests.testfile712.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile712.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile205.txt > Output/Tests.testfile205.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile205.txt > Output/Tests.testfile205.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile205.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile417.txt > Output/Tests.testfile417.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile417.txt > Output/Tests.testfile417.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile417.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile534.txt > Output/Tests.testfile534.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile534.txt > Output/Tests.testfile534.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile534.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile930.txt > Output/Tests.testfile930.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile930.txt > Output/Tests.testfile930.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile930.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile504.txt > Output/Tests.testfile504.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile504.txt > Output/Tests.testfile504.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile504.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile965.txt > Output/Tests.testfile965.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile965.txt > Output/Tests.testfile965.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile956.txt > Output/Tests.testfile956.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile956.txt > Output/Tests.testfile956.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile956.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile885.txt > Output/Tests.testfile885.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile885.txt > Output/Tests.testfile885.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile885.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile426.txt > Output/Tests.testfile426.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile426.txt > Output/Tests.testfile426.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile426.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile168.txt > Output/Tests.testfile168.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile168.txt > Output/Tests.testfile168.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile168.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile116.txt > Output/Tests.testfile116.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile116.txt > Output/Tests.testfile116.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile297.txt > Output/Tests.testfile297.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile297.txt > Output/Tests.testfile297.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile297.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile920.txt > Output/Tests.testfile920.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile920.txt > Output/Tests.testfile920.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile920.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile998.txt > Output/Tests.testfile998.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile998.txt > Output/Tests.testfile998.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile998.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile267.txt > Output/Tests.testfile267.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile267.txt > Output/Tests.testfile267.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile267.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile436.txt > Output/Tests.testfile436.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile436.txt > Output/Tests.testfile436.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile436.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile438.txt > Output/Tests.testfile438.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile438.txt > Output/Tests.testfile438.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile438.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile730.txt > Output/Tests.testfile730.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile730.txt > Output/Tests.testfile730.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile730.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile164.txt > Output/Tests.testfile164.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile164.txt > Output/Tests.testfile164.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile164.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile698.txt > Output/Tests.testfile698.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile698.txt > Output/Tests.testfile698.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile698.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile230.txt > Output/Tests.testfile230.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile230.txt > Output/Tests.testfile230.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile230.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile752.txt > Output/Tests.testfile752.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile752.txt > Output/Tests.testfile752.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile752.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile725.txt > Output/Tests.testfile725.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile725.txt > Output/Tests.testfile725.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile725.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile696.txt > Output/Tests.testfile696.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile696.txt > Output/Tests.testfile696.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile696.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile133.txt > Output/Tests.testfile133.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile133.txt > Output/Tests.testfile133.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile133.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile816.txt > Output/Tests.testfile816.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile816.txt > Output/Tests.testfile816.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile816.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile108.txt > Output/Tests.testfile108.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile108.txt > Output/Tests.testfile108.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile108.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile860.txt > Output/Tests.testfile860.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile860.txt > Output/Tests.testfile860.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile860.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjf..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile655.txt > Output/Tests.testfile655.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile655.txt > Output/Tests.testfile655.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile655.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile740.txt > Output/Tests.testfile740.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile740.txt > Output/Tests.testfile740.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile740.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile751.txt > Output/Tests.testfile751.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile751.txt > Output/Tests.testfile751.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile751.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile476.txt > Output/Tests.testfile476.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile476.txt > Output/Tests.testfile476.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile476.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile314.txt > Output/Tests.testfile314.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile314.txt > Output/Tests.testfile314.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile314.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile174.txt > Output/Tests.testfile174.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile174.txt > Output/Tests.testfile174.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile174.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile624.txt > Output/Tests.testfile624.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile624.txt > Output/Tests.testfile624.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile624.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile548.txt > Output/Tests.testfile548.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile548.txt > Output/Tests.testfile548.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile548.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile126.txt > Output/Tests.testfile126.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile126.txt > Output/Tests.testfile126.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile126.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile253.txt > Output/Tests.testfile253.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile253.txt > Output/Tests.testfile253.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile253.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile525.txt > Output/Tests.testfile525.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile525.txt > Output/Tests.testfile525.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile525.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile807.txt > Output/Tests.testfile807.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile807.txt > Output/Tests.testfile807.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile807.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile999.txt > Output/Tests.testfile999.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile999.txt > Output/Tests.testfile999.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile999.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile229.txt > Output/Tests.testfile229.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile229.txt > Output/Tests.testfile229.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile229.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile811.txt > Output/Tests.testfile811.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile811.txt > Output/Tests.testfile811.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile811.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile681.txt > Output/Tests.testfile681.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile681.txt > Output/Tests.testfile681.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile681.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile741.txt > Output/Tests.testfile741.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile741.txt > Output/Tests.testfile741.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile741.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile848.txt > Output/Tests.testfile848.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile848.txt > Output/Tests.testfile848.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile848.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile812.txt > Output/Tests.testfile812.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile812.txt > Output/Tests.testfile812.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile812.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile967.txt > Output/Tests.testfile967.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile967.txt > Output/Tests.testfile967.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile967.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile822.txt > Output/Tests.testfile822.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile822.txt > Output/Tests.testfile822.txt..STCF
--- TIMEOUT --- : ./STCF
timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile708.txt > Output/Tests.testfile708.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile708.txt > Output/Tests.testfile708.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile708.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile413.txt > Output/Tests.testfile413.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile413.txt > Output/Tests.testfile413.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile413.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile180.txt > Output/Tests.testfile180.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile180.txt > Output/Tests.testfile180.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile180.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile341.txt > Output/Tests.testfile341.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile341.txt > Output/Tests.testfile341.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile341.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile830.txt > Output/Tests.testfile830.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile830.txt > Output/Tests.testfile830.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile830.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile739.txt > Output/Tests.testfile739.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile739.txt > Output/Tests.testfile739.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile739.txtBin.stcf

timeout 1 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile580.txt > Output/Tests.testfile580.txtBin.stcf
timeout 1 ./STCF Tests/testfile580.txt > Output/Tests.testfile580.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile580.txtBin.stcf

