timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfs..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcf..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjf..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/sjf Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.sjf
timeout 2 ./SJF Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txt..SJF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.sjf

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfs..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcf..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.fcfs1175.24324
1082.40541
1188.45946
1066.95946
1305.21795
1250.82051
1319.33333
1234.75641
1435.97222
1330.00000

timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjf..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/fcfs Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.fcfs
timeout 2 ./FCFS Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txt..FCFS
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.fcfs

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile21.txt > Output/Tests.testfile21.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile21.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile57.txt > Output/Tests.testfile57.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile57.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile35.txt > Output/Tests.testfile35.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile35.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile67.txt > Output/Tests.testfile67.txt..STCF350.52174
301.43478
357.73913
280.26087
826.33929
773.78571
836.26786
757.78571
308.38462
242.23077
319.46154
231.61538
117.54545
69.63636
122.54545
67.45455
198.16667
98.33333
201.66667
94.83333
573.73684
471.26316
3.00000
0.00000
1345.07407
1295.50617
1364.74074
1275.79012
1477.76238
1360.37624
448.61538
399.20513
463.00000
378.69231
762.26190
628.42857
1180.18919
1114.98649
1191.67568
1100.98649
302.36000
241.24000
191.25000
125.50000
198.12500
58.25000
919.49180
870.65574
929.14754
860.78689
1388.54945
1293.21978
1435.20879
1386.67033
1456.12088
1366.16484
454.58621
403.62069
466.10345
393.24138
1106.34328
991.65672
448.15385
375.96154
452.42308
363.11538
838.38776
703.16327
210.25000
148.58333
210.25000
139.66667
1529.69149
1375.88298
941.05263
858.28070
881.36538
812.73077
877.51613
806.56452
1295.84507
1160.32394
600.82500
510.37500
607.50000
495.95000
412.88235
365.32353
418.91176
357.29412
1580.36842
1481.97895
1107.47619
1054.41270
1120.76190
1041.68254
895.58696
834.97826
907.34783
822.47826
539.31034
433.68966
544.41379
425.03448
945.16667
881.38333
955.33333
865.16667
735.69767
640.13953
1637.92929
1543.44444
1441.09184
1354.47959

FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile67.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile50.txt > Output/Tests.testfile50.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile50.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile81.txt > Output/Tests.testfile81.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile81.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile95.txt > Output/Tests.testfile95.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile95.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile88.txt > Output/Tests.testfile88.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile88.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile53.txt > Output/Tests.testfile53.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile53.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile77.txt > Output/Tests.testfile77.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile77.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile46.txt > Output/Tests.testfile46.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile46.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile1.txt > Output/Tests.testfile1.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile1.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile78.txt > Output/Tests.testfile78.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile78.txtBin.stcf

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile60.txt > Output/Tests.testfile60.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile60.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile4.txt > Output/Tests.testfile4.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile4.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile68.txt > Output/Tests.testfile68.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile68.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile82.txt > Output/Tests.testfile82.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile82.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile38.txt > Output/Tests.testfile38.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile38.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile47.txt > Output/Tests.testfile47.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile47.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile75.txt > Output/Tests.testfile75.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile75.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile28.txt > Output/Tests.testfile28.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile28.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile37.txt > Output/Tests.testfile37.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile37.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile92.txt > Output/Tests.testfile92.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile92.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile58.txt > Output/Tests.testfile58.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile58.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile70.txt > Output/Tests.testfile70.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile70.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile72.txt > Output/Tests.testfile72.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile72.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile94.txt > Output/Tests.testfile94.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile94.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile36.txt > Output/Tests.testfile36.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile36.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile42.txt > Output/Tests.testfile42.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile42.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile13.txt > Output/Tests.testfile13.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile13.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile55.txt > Output/Tests.testfile55.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile55.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile76.txt > Output/Tests.testfile76.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile76.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile26.txt > Output/Tests.testfile26.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile26.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile64.txt > Output/Tests.testfile64.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile64.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile8.txt > Output/Tests.testfile8.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile8.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile85.txt > Output/Tests.testfile85.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile85.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile33.txt > Output/Tests.testfile33.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile33.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile63.txt > Output/Tests.testfile63.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile63.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile51.txt > Output/Tests.testfile51.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile51.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile59.txt > Output/Tests.testfile59.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile59.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile44.txt > Output/Tests.testfile44.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile44.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/job.info.fcfs > Output/Tests.job.info.fcfs..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.fcfsBin.stcf911.10204
819.40816
787.77551
682.75510
1300.01429
1208.87143
1318.34286
1186.48571
497.50000
449.27778
503.58333
442.97222
852.77358
799.16981
865.00000
767.41509
1446.71591
1381.26136
1465.79545
1350.65909
808.15217
740.02174
821.06522
724.21739
995.73973
913.57534
1005.63014
898.15068
642.10526
573.81579
377.34783
264.39130
381.56522
251.56522
967.23529
833.05882
1362.32941
1197.00000
1104.13043
1018.39130
1215.80723
1128.96386
338.75000
258.75000
343.81250
248.31250
714.90476
633.11905
728.69048
621.97619
644.68966
583.27586
654.75862
560.24138
1142.95522
1054.31343
0.00000
0.00000
635.11429
553.71429
643.22857
546.00000
844.19149
708.85106
357.73684
300.63158
358.63158
293.15789
537.08108
485.02703
546.35135
472.35135
840.58333
764.00000
854.62500
737.35417
673.04651
605.76744
689.13953
571.79070
1565.63636
1442.92045
615.95122
566.92683
622.78049
559.63415
391.15385
319.23077
1423.24691
1328.37037
1184.37500
1110.87500
1199.51562
1096.79688
902.56140
803.84211
1571.56436
1518.55446
1594.03960
1494.13861
976.86207
874.20690
1234.44595
1132.85135
1297.64865
1188.86486


timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile12.txt > Output/Tests.testfile12.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile12.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile29.txt > Output/Tests.testfile29.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile29.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile6.txt > Output/Tests.testfile6.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile6.txtBin.stcf

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile54.txt > Output/Tests.testfile54.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile54.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile45.txt > Output/Tests.testfile45.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile45.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile41.txt > Output/Tests.testfile41.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile41.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile69.txt > Output/Tests.testfile69.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile69.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile90.txt > Output/Tests.testfile90.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile90.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile71.txt > Output/Tests.testfile71.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile71.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile49.txt > Output/Tests.testfile49.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile49.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile74.txt > Output/Tests.testfile74.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile74.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile31.txt > Output/Tests.testfile31.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile31.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile15.txt > Output/Tests.testfile15.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile15.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile27.txt > Output/Tests.testfile27.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile27.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile89.txt > Output/Tests.testfile89.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile89.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile23.txt > Output/Tests.testfile23.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile23.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile98.txt > Output/Tests.testfile98.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile98.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile93.txt > Output/Tests.testfile93.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile93.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile16.txt > Output/Tests.testfile16.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile16.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile73.txt > Output/Tests.testfile73.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile73.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/job.info.stcf > Output/Tests.job.info.stcf..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.stcfBin.stcf

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile84.txt > Output/Tests.testfile84.txt..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.testfile84.txtBin.stcf

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile5.txt > Output/Tests.testfile5.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile5.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile11.txt > Output/Tests.testfile11.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile11.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile19.txt > Output/Tests.testfile19.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile19.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile14.txt > Output/Tests.testfile14.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile14.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile39.txt > Output/Tests.testfile39.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile39.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile40.txt > Output/Tests.testfile40.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile40.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile17.txt > Output/Tests.testfile17.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile17.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile97.txt > Output/Tests.testfile97.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile97.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile10.txt > Output/Tests.testfile10.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile10.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile79.txt > Output/Tests.testfile79.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile79.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile86.txt > Output/Tests.testfile86.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile86.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile80.txt > Output/Tests.testfile80.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile80.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile99.txt > Output/Tests.testfile99.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile99.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile2.txt > Output/Tests.testfile2.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile2.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile48.txt > Output/Tests.testfile48.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile48.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile62.txt > Output/Tests.testfile62.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile62.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.stcf920.26667
847.05000
751.02381
695.38095
764.42857
673.50000
308.58333
262.12500
310.33333
259.58333
1314.39241
1223.96203
1041.86667
996.90667
1054.57333
984.45333
844.51786
794.19643
857.67857
781.44643
507.81081
433.67568
322.93750
237.31250
330.62500
228.81250
1544.68817
1466.90323
1563.22581
1444.27957
347.37500
296.16667
354.37500
289.62500
941.41071
888.33929
948.87500
880.48214
1701.80247
1601.18519
229.90000
129.50000
1300.55422
1206.89157
1313.44578
1193.14458
659.47619
605.14286
666.92857
586.40476
1659.40426
1550.47872
1431.85000
1350.11000
940.43396
887.05660
953.73585
873.58491
258.22222
176.66667
154.62500
52.25000
163.00000
31.87500
844.79245
759.79245
860.98113
732.50943
1504.24731
1446.38710
1523.41935
1425.54839

timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile0.txt > Output/Tests.testfile0.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile0.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile61.txt > Output/Tests.testfile61.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile61.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile83.txt > Output/Tests.testfile83.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile83.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile43.txt > Output/Tests.testfile43.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile43.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile18.txt > Output/Tests.testfile18.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile18.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile25.txt > Output/Tests.testfile25.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile25.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile34.txt > Output/Tests.testfile34.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile34.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile9.txt > Output/Tests.testfile9.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile9.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile3.txt > Output/Tests.testfile3.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile3.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile96.txt > Output/Tests.testfile96.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile96.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile66.txt > Output/Tests.testfile66.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile66.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile20.txt > Output/Tests.testfile20.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile20.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile32.txt > Output/Tests.testfile32.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile32.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile91.txt > Output/Tests.testfile91.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile91.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile24.txt > Output/Tests.testfile24.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile24.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile7.txt > Output/Tests.testfile7.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile7.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile87.txt > Output/Tests.testfile87.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile87.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile30.txt > Output/Tests.testfile30.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile30.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/job.info.sjf > Output/Tests.job.info.sjf..STCF
PASSED at Output/Tests.job.info.sjfBin.stcf

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile22.txt > Output/Tests.testfile22.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile22.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile52.txt > Output/Tests.testfile52.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile52.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile65.txt > Output/Tests.testfile65.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile65.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

timeout 2 Bin/stcf Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.stcf
timeout 2 ./STCF Tests/testfile56.txt > Output/Tests.testfile56.txt..STCF
FAILED! at Output/Tests.testfile56.txtBin.stcf
Expecting:
Got:

